**CHECKLIST**

**KEY RECORD KEEPING**

[Good record keeping is essential to efficient business operations. It
is also critical for all legal related issues. Setting up a record
keeping system is not exciting and doing paperwork can be time
consuming. But creating and maintaining a well-organized system is
easier than fixing a poor one.]{.underline}

Here are some ways to organize important business records. Combine one
or more of these categories or break them down, depending on the nature
and complexity of your business.

-   **[Accounting and Bookkeeping Records]{.underline}**

[Sales and expense information, inventory, ledgers, income statements,
balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial statements
should all be Archive yearly.]{.underline}

-   **[Bank Records]{.underline}**

[Bank statements, cancelled checks, bank reconciliations, notices from
and to your bank, deposit slips and any loan related notices and
documents. Archive yearly.]{.underline}

-   **[Contractual Agreements]{.underline}**

[Contracts, real estate leases, equipment leases, purchase agreements,
sales agreements, joint venture agreements, work for hire agreements,
and other contracts.]{.underline}

-   **[Corporate Records]{.underline}**

[Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, Shareholder Minutes and Consents,
Board Minutes and Consents, state filings, Action of Incorporator, and
amendments to the various corporate documents. If your business is not a
corporation, then the other documents that may be relevant here are
partnership agreements, LLC documents, consents of the owners and
similar records.]{.underline}

-   **[Correspondence]{.underline}**

[Important letters sent and received by mail, faxes and important e-mail
that you want to make sure is not lost and should be kept in hard copy.
]{.underline}

-   **[Employee Records]{.underline}**

[Employment applications, actual employment offer letters, employee
handbook or policies, employment agreements, performance appraisals,
employee attendance records, employee termination letters, W‑2s, and any
settlement agreements with terminated employees.]{.underline}

-   **[Forms Used in the Business]{.underline}**

[Standard form of purchase order, sales agreement, offer letter to new
employees, employment applications, etc.]{.underline}

-   **[Intellectual Property Records]{.underline}**

[Trademark applications, copyright filings, patent filings and patents,
licenses and confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements.]{.underline}

-   **[Marketing and Advertising Records]{.underline}**

[Marketing brochures, print ads, web banners, text of radio ads, and
other marketing materials.]{.underline}

-   **[Permits and Licenses]{.underline}**

[Permits, licenses or registration forms needed to operate the
businesses, whether required under federal, state or local
law.]{.underline}

-   **[Stock Records]{.underline}**

[Stock Ledger where all stock and other securities transactions are
recorded, copies of stock certificates, options and warrants, and copies
of all securities law filings.]{.underline}

-   **[Tax Records]{.underline}**

[Quarterly and annual federal and state income tax filings, W‑9 filings
for independent contractors, records supporting tax filings, withholding
tax records, and other tax related matters.]{.underline}
