**DEVELOPING A GRANT PROPOSAL**

***Preparation***

A successful grant proposal is one that is well prepared, thoughtfully
planned, and concisely packaged. The potential applicant should become
familiar with all of the pertinent program criteria related to the
program from which assistance is sought. Refer to the information
contact person listed in the program description before developing a
proposal to obtain information such as whether funding is available,
when applicable deadlines occur, and the process used by the grantor
agency for accepting applications. Applicants should remember that the
basic requirements, application forms, information and procedures vary
with the Federal agency making the grant award. Individuals without
prior grant proposal writing experience may find it useful to attend a
grant writing workshop. A workshop can amplify the basic information
presented here. Applicants interested in additional readings on grants
and proposal development should consult the references provided in this
product.

***Developing Ideas for the Proposal***

When developing an idea for a proposal it is important to determine if
the idea has been considered in the applicant\'s locality or State. A
careful check should be made with legislators and area government
agencies and related public and private agencies, which may currently
have grant awards or contracts to do similar work. If a similar program
already exists, the applicant may need to reconsider submitting the
proposed project, particularly if duplication of effort is perceived. If
significant differences or improvements in the proposed project\'s goals
can be clearly established, it may be worthwhile to pursue Federal
assistance.

***Community Support***

While many entrepreneurs may find it difficult to deal with, community
support for most proposals is essential. Once proposal summary is
developed, look for individuals or groups representing academic,
political, professional, and law organizations, which may be willing to
support the proposal in writing. The type and caliber of community
support is critical in the initial and subsequent review phases.
Numerous letters of support can be persuasive to a grantor agency. Do
not overlook support from local government agencies and public
officials. Letters of endorsement detailing exact areas of project
sanction and commitment are often requested as part of a proposal to a
Federal agency. Several months may be required to develop letters of
endorsement since something of value (e.g., buildings, staff, services)
is sometimes negotiated between the parties involved.

Many agencies require, in writing, affiliation agreements (a mutual
agreement to share services between agencies) and building space
commitments prior to either grant approval or award. A useful method of
generating community support may be to hold meetings with the top
decision makers in the community who would be concerned with the subject
matter of the proposal. The forum for discussion may include a query
into the merits of the proposal, development of a contract of support
for the proposal, to generate data in support of the proposal, or
development of a strategy to create proposal support from a large number
of community groups.

***Identification of a Funding Resource***

A review of the Objectives and Uses and Use Restrictions sections of the
program description can point out which programs might provide funding
for an idea. Do not overlook the related programs as potential
resources. Both the applicant and the grantor agency should have the
same interests, intentions, and needs if a proposal is to be considered
an acceptable candidate for funding.

Once a potential grantor agency is identified, call the contact
telephone number identified in Information Contacts and ask for a grant
application kit. Later, get to know some of the grantor agency
personnel. Ask for suggestions, criticisms, and advice about the
proposed project. In many cases, the more agency personnel know about
the proposal, the better the chance of support and of an eventual
favorable decision. Sometimes it is useful to send the proposal summary
to a specific agency official in a separate cover letter, and ask for
review and comment at the earliest possible convenience. Always check
with the Federal agency to determine its preference if this approach is
under consideration. If the review is unfavorable and differences cannot
be resolved, ask the examining agency (official) to suggest another
department or agency, which may be interested in the proposal. A
personal visit to the agency\'s regional office or headquarters is also
important. A visit not only establishes face-to-face contact, but also
may

bring out some essential details about the proposal or help secure
literature and references from the agency\'s library.

Federal agencies are required to report funding information as funds are
approved, increased or decreased among projects within a given State
depending on the type of required reporting. Also, consider reviewing
the Federal Budget for the current and budget fiscal years to determine
proposed dollar amounts for particular budget functions.

The applicant should carefully study the eligibility requirements for
each Federal program under consideration (see the Applicant Eligibility
section of the program description). The applicant may learn that he or
she is required to provide services otherwise unintended such as a
service to particular client groups, or involvement of specific
institutions. It may necessitate the modification of the original
concept in order for the project to be eligible for funding. Questions
about eligibility should be discussed with the appropriate program
officer.

Deadlines for submitting applications are often not negotiable. They are
usually associated with strict timetables for agency review. Some
programs have more than one application deadline during the fiscal year.
Applicants should plan proposal development around the established
deadlines.

***Getting Organized to Write the Proposal***

Throughout the proposal writing stage keep a notebook handy to write
down ideas. Periodically, try to connect ideas by reviewing the
notebook. Never throw away written ideas during the grant writing stage.
Maintain a file labeled \"Ideas\" or by some other convenient title and
review the ideas from time to time. The file should be easily
accessible. The gathering of documents such as articles of
incorporation, tax exemption certificates, and bylaws should be
completed, if possible, before the writing begins.

***Review & Criticism***

At some point, perhaps after the first or second draft is completed,
seek out a neutral third party to review the proposal working draft for
continuity, clarity and reasoning. Ask for constructive criticism at
this point, rather than wait for the Federal grantor agency to volunteer
this information during the review cycle. For example, has the writer
made unsupported assumptions or used jargon or excessive language in the
proposal?

***Signature***

Most proposals are made to institutions rather than individuals. Often
signatures of chief administrative officials are required. Check to make
sure they are included in the proposal where appropriate.

***Neatness***

Proposals should be typed, collated, copied, and packaged correctly and
neatly (according to agency instructions, if any). Each package should
be inspected to ensure uniformity from cover to cover. Binding may
require either clamps or hard covers. Check with the Federal agency to
determine its preference. A neat, organized, and attractive proposal
package can leave a positive impression with the reader about the
proposal contents.

***Mailing***

A cover letter should always accompany a proposal. Standard U.S. Postal
Service requirements apply unless otherwise indicated by the Federal
agency. Make sure there is enough time for the proposals to reach their
destinations. Otherwise, special arrangements may be necessary. Always
coordinate such arrangements with the Federal grantor agency project
office (the agency which will ultimately have the responsibility for the
project), the grant office (the agency which will coordinate the grant
review), and the contract office (the agency responsible for
disbursement and grant award notices), if necessary.
