**[ADDENDUM TO REAL ESTATE LEASE]{.underline}**

[This is an Addendum (the "Agreement") to that certain Real Estate Lease
dated \[DATE\] (the "Lease") and effective \[DATE\]]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[LANDLORD]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[(the
\"Landlord\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of
the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[TENANT]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[(the
\"Tenant\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[This Addendum relates to the premises leased by the Tenant (the
"Premises") in the building owned by the Landlord (the "Building"),
which is located at \[FULL ADDRESS\].]{.underline}

1.  **[EXCLUSIONS FROM OPERATING COSTS]{.underline}**

[In the event the Tenant is required to pay a portion of the "operating
costs" of the Building, the definition of \"operating costs\" shall not
include: (i) costs incurred in renovating or otherwise improving,
painting or redecorating usable space for tenants; (ii) Landlord\'s
costs of any services sold or provided tenants or other occupants for
which Landlord is entitled to be reimbursed by such tenants or other
occupants as an additional charge or rental over and above the basic
rental and escalations payable under the lease with such tenant or other
occupant; (ii) legal fees and other related expenses associated with the
negotiation or enforcement of leases; (iv) all items and services for
which Tenant reimburses Landlord or pays third persons or which Landlord
provides selectively without reimbursement to one or more tenants or
occupants of the Building (other than Tenant) which are not customary
for normal office use; (v) leasing commissions and other similar
payments paid to agents or employees of Landlord, independent brokers
and other persons incurred in connection with Landlord\'s leasing
activities; (vi) costs for space planning of tenant space in the
Building; (vii) repairs or other work occasioned by fire, windstorm or
other casualty or damage to the extent Landlord is reimbursed by
insurance; (viii) costs for structural replacements to the steel frame,
concrete floors, roof membrane of the Building; (ix) Building
depreciation; (x) interest on debt or amortization payments on any
mortgages or deeds of trust and rent under any ground leases; (xi)
advertising and publicity expenditures; (xii) Landlord\'s reserve
accounts; (xiii) any compensation paid to clerks, attendants or other
persons in commercial concessions, if any, operation of any retail space
or similar concessions; (xiv) costs of correcting construction defects
in the Building; (xv) costs of cleaning up or removing asbestos or
hazardous materials; and (xvi) capital improvements, capital repairs,
capital equipment, and capital tools, all as determined in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. The operating costs shall
be normalized to an assumed 100% occupancy of the Building.]{.underline}

1.  **[PROPERTY TAX]{.underline}**

[Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, Tenant
shall not be liable (directly or indirectly) for any increase in real
property taxes during the term of this Lease (as the same may be
extended from time to time) that results from a change in ownership of
the Building or the land upon which the Building is
located.]{.underline}

1.  **[AUDIT]{.underline}**

[Tenant shall have the right exercisable within \[NUMBER\] months after
the receipt of any year end statement that relates to operating costs of
the Building to be paid by Tenant to cause the books and records of
Landlord relating to its operation and management of the Building to be
audited by a certified public accountant designated by Tenant, and
reasonably acceptable to Landlord, to determine if the foregoing
year-end statements are accurate and correct. Such audit shall be paid
for by Tenant, unless the audit discloses a discrepancy in said
statement in favor of Tenant which is greater than \[%\] of the amount
shown on the year-end statement, in which case the audit shall be paid
by Landlord and the amounts due by Tenant pursuant to this paragraph
shall be adjusted accordingly.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONDITION OF THE BUILDING]{.underline}**

    A.  [Landlord represents that the Premises, at the time of
        occupation , will be in good and reasonable condition and that
        the Premises will be suitable, in all material respects, for
        Tenant\'s use.]{.underline}

    B.  [Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that the Building
        does not present a health hazard to occupants or guests and that
        the Landlord is in compliance in all material respects with all
        laws, regulations, rules, ordinances, and court decrees
        affecting ownership and operation of the Building.]{.underline}

    C.  [Landlord shall maintain the Building in good order and
        condition (except for damage occasioned by the act of Tenant or
        employees, licensees or invitees of Tenant, which damage shall
        be repaired by Landlord at Tenant\'s expense) at least
        comparable to other buildings of the class and nature of the
        Building.]{.underline}

    D.  [Landlord shall adequately supply the Premises during reasonable
        and usual business hours with (i) electricity for lighting and
        operation of office machines, (ii) heating, ventilation and
        cooling reasonably required for the comfortable occupation of
        the Premises, (iii) elevator service, either automatic or with
        attendants, as Landlord elects, (iv) lighting replacement (for
        Landlord\'s designated Building standard lights), (v) restroom
        supplies, (vi) window washing, (vii) security service, (viii)
        janitor service, (ix) such other services and amenities as these
        customarily furnished in comparable buildings in the
        area.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[COMPLIANCE]{.underline}**

[Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expense, comply with all laws,
statutes, ordinances and governmental rules or regulations now in force
or which may hereafter be in force, insofar as any thereof relate to
Landlord\'s ownership and operation of the Building.]{.underline}

1.  **[EXPANSION]{.underline}**

[Landlord agrees to negotiate in good faith with Tenant with respect to
Tenant\'s needs for additional expansion space which may from time to
time become available in the Building.]{.underline}

1.  **[CASUALTY]{.underline}**

[In the event of a fire or other casualty in the Premises, or a fire or
other casualty in such portions of the Building other than the Premises,
where Tenant\'s direct access to the Premises and the use thereof for
the conduct of its business is adversely impaired, Tenant shall promptly
give notice thereof in writing to Landlord (unless Landlord already has
notice thereof). The following provisions shall apply to a fire or other
casualty occurring in the Premises and/or the Building:]{.underline}

A.  [If portions of the Building outside the Premises are damaged or
    destroyed (whether or not the Premises are also damaged or
    destroyed) to such a degree that Tenant\'s direct access to the
    Premises and the use thereof for the conduct of its business are
    adversely impaired and sufficient repair can be made to the Building
    within \[NUMBER\] days from the date of such damage or destruction
    so as to provide Tenant with direct access to the Premises and the
    use thereof for the conduct of Tenant\'s business without
    significant impairment, Landlord, subject to the provisions of this
    paragraph, shall diligently proceed to repair the same and this
    Lease shall remain in full force and effect.]{.underline}

B.  [If Landlord reasonably determines that it cannot complete the
    repairs provided in subparagraph (a) and (b) above within the time
    periods therein provided, Landlord shall notify Tenant of said
    effect within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of such damage and
    destruction, and in such event, Tenant may terminate this Lease
    within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of such notice.]{.underline}

C.  [If this Lease is not terminated pursuant to the terms of this
    paragraph 6, Landlord shall diligently proceed to repair and rebuild
    the Premises and the Building, as necessary, as permitted by and
    subject to then applicable law, ordinance and regulation, and this
    Lease shall remain in full force and effect; provided that Landlord
    shall also be required to repair any injury or damage and to make
    any repairs or replacements of any improvements installed in the
    Premises by or for Tenant.]{.underline}

D.  [During any period when the Premises are unusable for the conduct of
    Tenant\'s ordinary business operations, and are actually not used by
    Tenant, provided that the casualty is not the result of the
    negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant or Tenant\'s employees
    then during the period the Premises are rendered unusable by such
    casualty, Tenant shall be entitled to a reduction in rent in the
    proportion that the area of the Premises not occupied by Tenant
    bears to the total area of the Premises.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[PERMITTED USES]{.underline}**

[Tenant is permitted to use the Premises for any legal purpose or
business.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

LANDLORD TENANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
