**ADDENDUM TO RENT AGREEMENT**

This Addendum to Rent Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[OWNER NAME\] **(the \"Owner\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[TENANT NAME\] **(the \"Tenant\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

1.  **FOR STORAGE ROOM**

That for the consideration of rent payments and covenants adherence on
the part of the Tenant, the Owner rents to the Tenant, and the Tenant
hires from the Owner, the storage room known as \[DESCRIBE\] at
\[ADDRESS\], \[CITY/STATE\]. Rent is due in advance on the first (1st)
day of each month and every month at \[AMOUNT\] per month beginning the
first (1st) day of \[MONTH\]. If the first month\'s rental is adjusted,
the rental sum of \[AMOUNT\] has been received by Owner for the period
of \[DATE\] to \[DATE\]. The Tenant further agrees if monthly rent is
not received on the first (1st) of the month, the Tenant will pay a fee
of \[AMOUNT\] of rent to help defray the cost of collection. \[AMOUNT\]
has been deposited as additional security by Tenant, which will become
part of the total security for all agreements.

1.  **FOR RESERVED PARKING SPACE**

That for the consideration of rent payments and covenants adherence on
the part of the Tenant, the Owner rents to the Tenant, and the Tenant
hires from the Owner, the reserved parking space known as \[DESCRIBE\]
at \[ADDRESS\], \[CITY/ST/ZIP\]. Rent is due in advance on the first
(1st) day of each month and every month at \[AMOUNT\] per month
beginning the first (1st) day of \[MONTH\]. If the first month\'s rental
is adjusted, the rental sum of \[AMOUNT\] has been received by Owner for
the period of \[DATE\] to \[DATE\]. The Tenant further agrees if monthly
rent is not received on the first (1st) of the month, the Tenant will
pay a fee of \[AMOUNT\] of rent to help defray the cost of collection.
\[AMOUNT\] has been deposited as additional security by Tenant, which
will become part of the total security for all agreements.

THIS PARKING SPACE AND/OR STORAGE ROOM IS SUBJECT TO THE COVENANTS AND
OBLIGATIONS PROVIDED IN THE RENT AGREEMENT, ADDENDUM RELATING TO RENT,
AND RULES AND REGULATIONS, ALL AS IF THIS ADDENDUM WAS INCLUDED THEREIN.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

LANDLORD TENANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
