**[AMENDMENT TO LEASE]{.underline}**

[This Amendment to that certain Lease dated \[DATE\] (the "Amendment")
is made and effective \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[L]{.underline}[ESSOR]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Lessor\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[LESSEE]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Lessee\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend certain terms of the Lease;
and]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, certain capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are
defined in the Lease;]{.underline}

THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **[RENT CHANGE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Section \[NUMBER\] of the Lease is hereby amended to provide monthly
rent, effective as of \[DATE\], shall be \[AMOUNT\].]{.underline}

1.  **[OTHER CHANGES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Lease is hereby amended in the following additional
manner:]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Amendment, together with the Lease, constitutes the final,
complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties
pertaining to their subject matter and supersedes any and all prior and
contemporaneous understandings or agreements of the
parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Amendment may be supplemented, amended or modified only by the
mutual agreement of the parties. No supplement, modification or
amendment of this Amendment shall be binding unless it is in writing and
signed by both parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[INCONSISTENCY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the Lease, the
terms of this Amendment shall govern.]{.underline}

1.  **[LEASE CONTINUANCE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Except with respect to the changes effected by this Amendment, the
Lease continues to remain in full force and effect.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
