**[ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE]{.underline}**

[This Assignment of Lease (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[ASSIGNOR NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Assignor\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[ASSIGNEE NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Assignee\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

A.  [Assignor, as lessee, has executed that certain Lease, dated
    \[DATE\] (the "Lease"), covering those certain premises and related
    improvements described on Exhibit A attached hereto (the
    "Premises").]{.underline}

B.  [Assignor desires to assign its rights as lessee in the Lease to
    Assignee, and Assignee desires to accept the assignment of the Lease
    and to assume the obligations of Assignor under the Lease, on the
    terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.]{.underline}

[NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and conditions
contained in this Agreement, Assignor and Assignee hereby agree as
follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Assignor does hereby
assign, transfer, set over and deliver to Assignee all of its right,
title and interest in and to the Lease, and by accepting this assignment
and by the execution of this Agreement, Assignee hereby assumes the
payment and performance of, and agrees to pay, perform and discharge, as
a direct obligation of Assignee, all of Assignor's duties and other
obligations under the terms, covenants and conditions of the Lease,
including, without limitation, the payment of rent and compliance with
all terms, covenants and conditions of the Lease. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement, all the terms, covenants and
conditions of the Lease remain in full force and effect as applied to
Assignee.]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTIONS ]{.underline}**

[The assignment of the Lease is made subject, subordinate and inferior
to any easements, covenants and other matters and exceptions of record
or apparent as of the date of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[SECURITY DEPOSIT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Upon the execution of this Agreement, Assignee shall pay to Assignor
\[AMOUNT\], which is the amount of the security deposit held by the
lessor pursuant to the Lease.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONDITIONS OF THE PREMISES]{.underline}**

["AS IS" ASSIGNEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF,
THAT, EXCEPT AS MAY BE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ASSIGNOR IS ASSIGNING
THE LEASE AND DELIVERING THE PREMISES "AS IS, WHERE IS" AND IN ITS
PRESENT CONDITION WITH ALL FAULTS, AND THAT ASSIGNOR HAS NOT MADE, DOES
NOT MAKE AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES,
PROMISES, COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS OR GUARANTIES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER
WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, PAST, PRESENT
OR FUTURE, OF, AS TO, CONCERNING OR WITH RESPECT TO THE STATUS, NATURE,
QUALITY OR CONDITION OF THE LEASE OR THE LEASED PREMISES.]{.underline}

1.  **[INDEMNIFICATION]{.underline}**

[Assignee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Assignor
from any and all costs, liabilities, losses, damages, expenses, liens or
claims (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and
costs) arising out of or relating in any way to the Lease except to the
extent they arise from any failure by Assignor to perform its duties or
other obligations under the terms, covenants and conditions of the Lease
prior to the Effective Date.]{.underline}

[Assignee further agrees to protect, indemnify and hold harmless
Assignor and its officers, employees, representatives, agents,
fiduciaries, attorneys, directors, shareholders, insurers, predecessors,
parents, affiliates, benefit plans, successors, heirs and assigns from
and against any and all costs, liabilities, losses, damages, expenses,
liens or claims (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys'
fees and costs) directly or indirectly arising out of or attributable to
the acts or omissions of Assignee or its agents, contractors, servants
or employees with respect to Premises or any activities thereon. This
indemnity shall survive the termination of the Lease and this
Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES]{.underline}**

[The relationship of the parties hereto is solely that of Assignor and
Assignee with respect to the Premises and no joint venture or other
partnership exists between the parties hereto. Neither party has any
fiduciary relationship hereunder to the other.]{.underline}

1.  **[NOTICE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be given
in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person, (b) by certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) by facsimile, or (d) by a
commercial overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery and
provides a receipt, and such notices shall be addressed to addresses
contained in this Agreement or to such other address as either party may
from time to time specify in writing to the other party. Any notice
shall be effective only upon delivery, which for any notice given by
facsimile shall mean notice which has been received by the party to whom
it is sent as evidenced by confirmation slip.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties
pertaining to its subject matter and supersedes any prior or
contemporaneous negotiations, representations, agreements and
understandings of the parties with respect to such matters, whether
written or oral. The parties acknowledge that they have not relied on
any promise, representation or warranty, expressed or implied, not
contained in this Agreement. As between Assignor and Assignee, in the
event of any conflict or discrepancy between the Lease and this
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.]{.underline}

1.  **[INTERPRETATION; AMENDMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In interpreting the language of this Agreement, all parties to this
Agreement shall be treated as having drafted this Agreement after
meaningful negotiations. The language in this Agreement shall be
construed as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either
party. This Agreement may be modified only by a writing signed by each
party.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEYS]{.underline}[']{.underline}[ FEES]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[If any party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations under this
Agreement or if a dispute arises between the parties hereto concerning
the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement, and an
action is filed, the prevailing party in any such action shall be
entitled to recover from the other party, in addition to any other
relief that may be granted, its court costs and reasonable attorneys'
fees and disbursements, including such incurred in connection with any
appeal.]{.underline}

1.  **[COUNTERPARTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and all counterparts so
executed shall constitute one contract, binding on the all parties
hereto, even though all parties are not signatory to the same
counterpart.]{.underline}

1.  **[BINDING EFFECT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors in
interest and assigns.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[\[]{.underline}[DESCRIPTION OF
PREMISES]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**
