**CHECKLIST**

**FOR OFFICE LEASES**

-   **Nature and duration of the lease**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Determine the term of the lease, and when the lessee is entitled
    to possession. **

-   **Is the lease to be a net lease? **

-   **What are the duties of the lessor?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Competition**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Are the restrictions reasonable? **

-   **What rights does the lessee have in the event the lessor violates
    any restrictive covenant, thereby reducing the value of the lease to
    the lessee?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Space**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What is the rentable and usable square footage?**

-   **Is rent based on usable or rentable square footage?**

-   **Verify square footage number provided by the landlord.**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Permitted Uses of the Premises**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What uses of the premises are permitted?**

-   **Is the permitted use clause broad enough for possible changes in
    the business?**

-   **Is the permitted use clause broad enough for potential assignments
    or subleases?**

-   **Can the use clause be drafted to include "any lawful purposes"?**

-   **Can uses be changed with landlord's consent, which consent can't
    be unreasonably withheld or delayed?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Primary lease term**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What is the commencement date of the lease?**

-   **What happens if the space is not ready on the commencement date?
    Is there rent abatement, monetary damages, right to cancel the
    lease, or other remedies specified?**

-   **What is the termination date?**

-   **Does the landlord have the right to terminate early without
    cause?**

-   **Does the tenant have the right to terminate early by payment of a
    fee?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Rentals **

-   **What is the base rent for the primary term?**

    -   **Are there escalation clauses? **

    -   **Determine whether the escalation is keyed to actual increases
        in operating **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Are there cost of living increases?**

-   **Is there a cap on any rent increases?**

-   **Is there a reasonable grace period and written notice before a
    late charge is imposed?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Common area maintenance and Operating costs**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What does the tenant have to contribute for common area
    maintenance, ventilating, heating, air conditioning, and other
    building operation costs?**

-   **Is there a cap?**

-   **Can the amount be increased each year?**

-   **Real estate taxes and other impositions:**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Does the tenant have to pay a portion of the real estate taxes?**

-   **What increases over base year are allowed?**

-   **Is there a cap on tax increases?**

-   **Does the tenant have to pay increased taxes that may occur on sale
    of the building?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Are there any special provisions or exceptions on the payment of
    these expenses?**

-   **When is payment due? **

-   **What detailed reports does the landlord have to provide the tenant
    showing the actual expenses?**

-   **What audit rights does the tenant have to review the landlord's
    books and records?**

-   **Are there provisions made for weekend and holiday service? What
    are the charges?**

-   **Does the tenant have a remedy for service interruption?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Tenant Improvements**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What tenant improvements will be necessary?**

-   **What is the cost?**

-   **How much time will it take to complete the tenant improvements?**

-   **Will the landlord contribute to the cost for the tenant
    improvements?**

-   **What approvals will be necessary?**

-   **What permits will be necessary?**

-   **Does the landlord or the tenant own any improvements?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Repairs and replacements**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What responsibility does the tenant have for repairs or
    replacements?**

-   **What responsibility does the landlord have for repairs or
    replacements?**

-   **At the end of the tenancy, is tenant's obligation to return the
    premises in same condition at the beginning of tenancy,
    excluding (1) ordinary wear and tear, (2) damage by fire and other
    unavoidable casualty, and (3)Â  alterations previously approved by
    landlord?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Utilities**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Direct supply or individually metered?**

-   **Method of computing payment?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Assignment and subletting**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Is the landlord's written approval required?**

-   **What standard is there for approval? absolute discretion?
    reasonable approval?**

-   **Does the landlord have the right to cancel lease if notified by
    assignment of sublease?**

-   **If the assignment or sublet is at a higher price than the base
    rent, who keeps the excess? **

-   **Can the lease be assigned to affiliates of the tenant without
    landlord approval?**

-   **Can the landlord terminate the lease if the stock ownership of the
    tenant changes?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Subordination and attornment**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **All present or future mortgages?**

-   **Execution of estoppel certificates required?**

-   **Tenant agrees to attorn to landlord's successor in interest? **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Destruction**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Is there a right of cancellation for the tenant in the event of
    destruction?**

-   **What obligation does the landlord have to rebuild?**

-   **Does the tenant share in any proceeds from insurance?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Indemnity and Disclaimer**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Indemnity mutual or tenant only?**

-   **Waiver of claims mutual or tenant only?**

-   **Waiver of subrogation?**

-   **Landlord liability limited to interest in property?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Default**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Landlord's warranties**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **First class services?**

-   **Security building?**

-   **Ownership of building?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Option to renew**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Does the tenant have the option to renew the lease?**

-   **How long is the renewal option?**

-   **How far in advance must the option be exercised?**

-   **How is rent determined for the renewal period?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Right of first refusal or first offer for additional space**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What is the scope of any right of first offer or first refusal?**

-   **How is rent determined?**

-   **How long does the tenant have before exercising the right?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Security deposit**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What is the amount? Can it be a letter of credit?**

-   **Is there interest on the security deposit?**

-   **Does the lease provide for the return of the tenant's security
    deposit within a set number of days after termination of the
    lease?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Guaranty**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Is a personal guarantee required?**

-   **When does the guarantee terminate?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Mortgages**

** Can any mortgages adversely affect the tenant's rights if foreclosed
upon?**

-   **Free rent**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Will the landlord grant a free rent period?**

-   **When does it have to be returned (e.g., on breach of lease)?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Compliance With Law**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Does landlord warrant that the premises are in compliance with
    applicable law?**

-   **If tenant is obligated to comply with applicable law, does it
    exclude matters that should more properly be the responsibility of
    the landlord (e.g., asbestos problems, disability access)?**

-   **Is landlord obligated to comply with all laws applicable to its
    control of the building?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Insurance**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **What insurance is the tenant required to maintain?**

-   **What insurance is the landlord required to maintain?**

-   **Has the tenant's insurance agent reviewed the insurance
    requirements in the lease?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Rules and Regulations for the Building**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Are there specific rules and regulations in existence?**

-   **Can the rules be changed without approval of tenant?**

-   **Is the landlord required to enforce the rules and regulations
    against other tenants?**

-   **Are there any rules that interfere with the expected operations of
    the tenant?**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Rights of Entry**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Signage**

** What signage is the tenant allowed to put in or about the building
and premises?**

-   **Parking**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **How many parking spaces will be available to the tenant? At what
    cost?**

    -   **Subletting **

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    -   **Is the lessee entitled to sublease the property or to assign
        the lease? **

    -   **What is required before the lessee may sublease? **

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    -   **Work letter**

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    -   **Space is rarely taken by tenants in \`\`as is\'\' condition,
        whether the building is new or old. The fitting out of the
        premises to mutually agreed specifications is accomplished by a
        work letter -- a contract between the landlord and tenant
        describing what is to be built, who pays for it and how, what
        the schedule for completion is, who is responsible for delays
        and cost overrun and more.**

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    -   **Zoning **

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    -   **What zoning applies to the building, and is lessee\'s intended
        use permitted? **

    -   **Are there covenants or restrictions on the property?
        Easements? **

    -   **How about easements the lessee must have on adjacent property
        in order to fully utilize the leased property?**

**CHECKLIST**

**REAL ESTATE CONTRACT CLAUSES**

This Checklist addresses some of the most common issues that occur when
a real estate agreement is being negotiated. After reviewing it, you
should be in good position to understand what to look for in any real
estate contract. Of course, before signing any legal document, make sure
that you have your attorney review it.

**PURCHASER FINANCING CONDITIONS**

**This agreement is conditional in favor of the purchaser on the
purchaser arranging adequate financing to complete the purchase on
acceptable terms to the purchaser.**

**This agreement is conditional on the purchaser notifying the vendor in
writing within \[NUMBER\] days of the date of this agreement that the
purchaser has arranged adequate financing to complete the purchase on
acceptable terms to the purchaser; failing such notice, this agreement
is automatically void and the vendor shall immediately return any
deposit paid by the purchaser without interest or deduction.**

**PURCHASER INSPECTION CONDITION**

**This agreement is conditional on the purchaser notifying the vendor in
writing within \[NUMBER\] days of the date of this agreement that the
purchaser has obtain an inspection report satisfactory to the purchaser
from a person chosen by the purchaser as to the condition of the
building(s) on the subject property; failing such notice, this agreement
is automatically void and the vendor shall immediately return any
deposit paid by the purchaser without interest or deduction.**

**PURCHASER HOME SALE CONDITION**

**This agreement is conditional on the purchaser notifying the vendor in
writing within \[NUMBER\] days of the date of this agreement that the
purchaser has entered into a binding agreement for the sale of the
purchaser\'s property at \[ADDRESS\]; failing such notice, this
agreement is automatically void and the vendor shall immediately return
any deposit paid by the purchaser without interest or deduction. While
the agreement is subject to this condition, the vendor may continue to
advertise the subject property for**

**sale and may require the purchaser by notice in writing to deliver a
written waiver of this condition to the vendor within two days of the
date of receipt of the notice; failing such delivery, this agreement is
automatically void and the vendor shall immediately return any deposit
paid by the purchaser without interest or deduction.**

**UNSPECIFIED PURCHASER CONDITION**

**This agreement is conditional on the purchaser notifying the vendor in
writing within \[NUMBER\] days of the date of this agreement that
\[DESCRIBE CONDITION TO BE FULFILLED\]; failing such notice, this
agreement is automatically void and the vendor shall immediately return
any deposit paid by the purchaser without interest or deduction. **

**VENDOR HOME PURCHASE CONDITION**

**This agreement is conditional on the vendor notifying the purchaser in
writing within \[NUMBER\] days of the date of this agreement that the
vendor has entered into a binding agreement to purchase another home;
failing such notice, this agreement is automatically void and the vendor
shall immediately return any deposit paid by the purchaser without
interest or deduction.**

**UNSPECIFIED VENDOR CONDITION**

**This agreement is conditional on the vendor notifying the purchaser in
writing within \[NUMBER\] days of the date of this agreement that
\[DESCRIBE CONDITION TO BE FULFILLED\]; failing such notice, this
agreement is automatically void and the vendor shall immediately return
any deposit paid by the purchaser without interest or deduction.**

**VENDOR MORTGAGE TAKE-BACK**

**The vendor agrees to take a \[FIRST, SECOND, ETC.\] mortgage back as
part of the purchase price payable on closing in the principal amount of
\[AMOUNT\] accruing interest at the rate of \[%\] per annum, calculated
semi-annually not in advance and amortized over \[NUMBER\] years for an
actual term of \[NUMBER\] years, repayable in blended monthly payments
of principal and interest of \[AMOUNT\]. The mortgage back shall be
prepayable in full or in part at any time or from time to time without
penalty or bonus.**

**VENDOR SURVEY**

**The vendor shall supply the purchaser with an up-to-date survey of the
subject property, showing its lot lines in relation to neighboring
properties and the location of any buildings and other structures on the
subject property in relation to the lot lines, prepared by a qualified
land surveyor and acceptable to the purchaser\'s mortgagee, within a
reasonable time before closing.**

**NON-MERGING OUTSTANDING WORK COVENANTS**

**The vendor agrees to perform the work detailed in Schedule A before
closing. This covenant is a condition of closing in favor of the
purchaser but, at the option of the purchaser, also operates as a
non-merging warranty surviving closing entitling the purchaser to sue
the vendor for damages for breach of contract.**

**EXTENSION OPTION**

**The \[VENDOR/PURCHASER\] has the option, exercisable by notice in
writing to the \[PURCHASER/VENDOR\] at least five clear days before the
originally scheduled closing date of this transaction, of extending the
closing date by no more than \[NUMBER\] days.**
