**[CONSENT BY LESSOR TO ]{.underline}**

**[ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE]{.underline}**

[This Consent by Lessor to Assignment of Lease (the "Consent") effective
\[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[LESSOR]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Lessor\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[ASSIGNOR]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Assignor\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

A.  Assignor, as lessee, and Lessor have executed that certain Lease,
    dated \[DATE\] (the "Lease"), covering those certain premises and
    related improvements described on Exhibit A attached hereto (the
    "Premises").

B.  [Assignor desires to assign its rights as lessee in the Lease to
    Assignee and Assignee desires to accept the assignment of the Lease
    and to assume the obligations of Assignor under the Lease, and
    Lessor is willing to consent to such assignment and assumption on
    the terms and conditions set forth in this Consent.]{.underline}

[NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the payment by Assignor of
\[AMOUNT\], payable on or before \[DATE\], the parties hereby agrees as
follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Lessor hereby consents to the assignment of the Lease to Assignee on
the terms and conditions of the Assignment of Lease of even date
herewith delivered to Lessor. Lessor's consent to the assignment of the
Lease to Assignee shall not be deemed to be a consent to any other or
subsequent assignment.]{.underline}

1.  **[RELEASE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Lessor, on behalf of itself and its representatives, agents, heirs and
assigns, release and discharge Assignor, Assignor's former, current or
future officers, employees, representatives, agents, fiduciaries,
attorneys, directors, shareholders, insurers, predecessors, parents,
affiliates, benefit plans, successors, heirs, and assigns from any and
all claims, liabilities or obligations of every kind and nature, whether
now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which Lessor ever had or
now have against any of them. The released claims include without
limitation any claims arising out of or related to the Lease and/or any
of the conditions, events, transactions or series of transactions
related thereto. The released claims also specifically include all
claims arising under any federal, state or local law or statute; the law
of contract and tort; and any claim for attorneys' fees.]{.underline}

1.  **[WAIVER OF UNKNOWN CLAIMS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Lessor acknowledges that there may exist claims or facts in addition to
or different from those which are now known or believed by it to exist
and represent that, by means of the release set forth in Article 2
above, it is nonetheless their intention to fully settle and release all
such claims, whether known or unknown. ]{.underline}

[Lessor agrees never to commence or prosecute any action against
Assignor or any of the other parties identified in Article 2 above based
in whole or in part upon any of the claims described in Article 2
above.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Consent constitutes the entire agreement of Lessor and Assignor
pertaining to its subject matter and supersedes any prior or
contemporaneous negotiations, representations, agreements and
understandings of the parties with respect to such matters, whether
written or oral. The parties acknowledge that they have not relied on
any promise, representation or warranty, expressed or implied, not
contained in this Consent. Parol evidence will be inadmissible to show
agreement by and among the parties to any term or condition contrary to
or in addition to the terms and conditions contained in this
Consent.]{.underline}

1.  **[INTERPRETATION; AMENDMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In interpreting the language of this Consent, the Lessor and Assignor
shall be treated as having drafted this Consent after meaningful
negotiations. The language in this Agreement shall be construed as to
its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. This
Consent may be modified only by a writing signed by Lessor and
Assignor.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEYS]{.underline}[']{.underline}[ FEES]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[If any party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations under this
Consent or if a dispute arises between the parties hereto concerning the
meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Consent, and an
action is filed, the prevailing party in any such action shall be
entitled to recover from the other party, in addition to any other
relief that may be granted, its court costs and reasonable attorneys'
fees and disbursements, including such incurred in connection with any
appeal.]{.underline}

1.  **[COUNTERPARTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Consent may be signed in counterparts and all counterparts so
executed shall constitute one contract, binding on the all parties
hereto, even though all parties are not signatory to the same
counterpart.]{.underline}

1.  **[BINDING EFFECT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Consent shall be binding on Lessor, and inure to the benefit of
Assignor and its respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors
in interest and assigns.]{.underline}

[This Consent is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[\[]{.underline}[DESCRIPTION OF
PREMISES]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**
