**CONSENT BY LESSOR TO SUBLEASE**

This Consent by Landlord to Sublease (the "Consent") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LANDLORD NAME\] **(the \"Landlord\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[TENANT NAME\] **(the \"Tenant\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

#### RECITALS

A.  Tenant, as Tenant under the Lease, and Landlord have executed that
    certain Lease dated \[DATE\] (the "Master Lease"), covering those
    certain premises and related improvements described in the attached
    Exhibit "A" (the "Premises").

B.  Tenant desires to sublease \[all\] \[a portion\] of the Premises to
    \[NAME\] ("Subtenant") and Subtenant desires to accept a sublease in
    the form attached as Exhibit "B" (the "Sublease"). Landlord is
    willing to consent to the Sublease on the terms and conditions set
    forth in this Consent.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the payment by Tenant of \[AMOUNT\],
payable on or before \[DATE\] to Landlord, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **CONSENT TO SUBLEASE **

Landlord hereby consents to the Sublease and the transactions
contemplated thereby. Landlord's consent to the Sublease shall not be
deemed to be a consent to (i) any further or other subleasing of the
Subleased Premises, (ii) any subleasing of any other portion of the
Premises, or (iii) the subleasing of any portion of the Premises to any
other subtenant or on any other or different terms than those stated in
the Sublease. Tenant shall provide Landlord with a fully-executed copy
of the Sublease promptly after execution.

1.  **CONTINUING LIABILITY **

Tenant acknowledges that (i) Tenant shall remain primarily liable for,
and shall not be released from, the full and faithful performance of all
terms and conditions of the Master Lease, notwithstanding the existence
of (and Landlord's consent to) the Sublease, or any breach committed by
Subtenant under the Sublease, and (ii) Landlord shall be entitled to
pursue all remedies available in the event of Tenant's breach of the
Master Lease, without regard to the performance or nonperformance of the
terms of the Sublease by Subtenant.

1.  **MONTHLY BASIC RENT **

Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that the Monthly Basic Rent
due from Subtenant under the Sublease \[AMOUNT\] does not exceed the
Monthly Basic Rent due from Tenant under the Master Lease.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Consent constitutes the entire agreement of Landlord and Tenant
pertaining to its subject matter and supersedes any prior or
contemporaneous negotiations, representations, agreements and
understandings of the parties with respect to such matters, whether oral
or written. The Parties acknowledge that they have not relied on any
promise, representation or warranty, expressed or implied, not contained
in this Consent.

1.  **INTERPRETATION; AMENDMENT **

In interpreting the language of this Consent, Landlord and Tenant shall
be treated as having drafted this Consent after meaningful negotiations.
The language in this Agreement shall be construed as to its fair meaning
and not strictly for or against either Party. This Consent may be
modified only by a writing signed by Landlord and Tenant.

1.  **ATTORNEYS' FEES **

If any Party hereto fails to perform any of its obligations under this
Consent or if a dispute arises between the Parties hereto concerning the
meaning or interpretation of any provisions of this Consent, and an
action is filed, the prevailing party in any such action shall be
entitled to recover from the other party, in addition to any other
relief that may be granted, its court costs and reasonable attorneys'
fees and disbursements, including such fees and disbursements incurred
in connection with any appeal.

1.  **COUNTERPARTS **

This Consent may be signed in counterparts and all counterparts so
executed shall constitute one contract, binding on all parties hereto.

1.  **BINDING EFFECT **

This Consent shall be binding on Landlord, and inure to the benefit of
Tenant and its respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors
in interest and assigns.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

This Consent is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of \[STAE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Consent as of
the day and year first written above.

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[THE PREMISES]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT B]{.underline}**

**[THE SUBLEASE]{.underline}**
