**CONTRACT OF SALE OF COMMERCIAL PROPERTY**

This Contract of Sale of Commercial Property (the "Agreement") is made
and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\] **(the \"Seller\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[PURCHASER NAME\] **(the \"Purchaser\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

In consideration of the covenants and agreements of the respective
parties, as set forth below, Seller agrees to sell and convey to
Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase and take from Seller, the
real property situated in \[CITY\], \[STATE\], and particularly
described as follows:

\[SET FORTH LEGAL DESCRIPTION\]

together with all improvements on the property and appurtenances to it,
and the articles of equipment and other personal property listed in
Exhibit A, which is attached and incorporated by reference. The real and
personal property described above is referred to as property.

Transfer to Purchaser shall include all right, title, and interest of
Seller in and to all streets, alleys, roads, and avenues adjoining the
real property, and shall further include any award for damaging or
taking by eminent domain by public or quasi-public authority, of the
real property or any part of it.

1.  **PRICE**

The purchase price for property is \[AMOUNT\], payable as follows:

\[DESCRIBE TERMS\]*.*

A.  Conveyance of title shall be made and sale closed within \[NUMBER\]
    days after the date of this agreement. Title shall be evidenced by a
    standard form title insurance policy issued by \[NAME OF TITLE
    COMPANY\], insuring title to property to be in Purchaser or its
    nominees, subject only to the matters set forth in this agreement

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ASSESSMENTS**

If, at the time of transfer of title, property or any part of property
is subject to an assessment or assessments payable in installments, all
such installments not due or delinquent at the time of transfer shall
nevertheless be deemed to be due and payable at such time and as liens
on the real property described above, and all such assessments shall be
paid and discharged by Seller.

1.  **ESCROW; PRO-RATION**

    A.  Escrow shall be opened with \[NAME OF ESCROW COMPANY\]. Such
        instructions as the escrow company may require, not inconsistent
        with the provisions of this agreement, shall be signed and filed
        by the parties.

    B.  The following items shall be prorated as of the close of escrow:
        rentals, real estate taxes due but not delinquent, prepaid
        insurance premiums \[ADD OTHER ITEMS, AS APPROPRIATE\].

    C.  Escrow shall close when the escrow company is in a position to
        record all documents required under this agreement, make all
        disbursements, and \[ISSUE OR SECURE\]* *a title insurance
        policy.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **RISK OF LOSS; MAINTENANCE; TRANSFER OF POSSESSION**

    A.  Risk of loss or damage by fire or other casualty to property or
        any part of property prior to close of escrow shall be the risk
        of Seller. In the event of such loss or damage prior to closing,
        this agreement shall not be affected but Seller shall assign to
        Purchaser all rights under any insurance policy or policies
        applicable to the loss. If action is necessary to recover under
        any casualty policy, Seller shall grant permission to bring the
        action in Seller's name.

    B.  Improvements and personal property described above shall be
        maintained in their present condition prior to the close of
        escrow by Seller, wear from normal and reasonable use and
        deterioration excepted.

    C.  Possession of property, subject to the leases and tenancies
        referred to above, shall be transferred at close of escrow.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMMERCIAL ZONING**

Seller warrants that property is zoned for commercial purposes and that
all existing uses are lawful and within such zoning. Purchaser plans the
use of property for \[DESCRIBE PURPOSES\]. Purchaser intends to apply
for a \[BUILDING PERMIT OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\] for such additional use,
and for appropriate amendments to the existing zoning plan for the area
in which property is located. Seller will cooperate fully with Purchaser
with respect to the contemplated plans. If Purchaser is unable to
proceed with the described project because of any adverse decision of
\[CITY\], or any board, commission, or officer of \[CITY\], Purchaser
shall \[STATE AGREED REMEDY, SUCH AS: REMIT \[AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE
PRICE BY CREDITING THAT AMOUNT ON THE PURCHASE-MONEY MORTGAGE TO BE
EXECUTED BY PURCHASER IN FAVOR OF SELLER\].

1.  **BROKER'S COMMISSION**

A commission of \[AMOUNT\] has become due from Seller to \[NAME OF
BROKER\] by reason of the sale provided for in this agreement. That
amount shall be paid to broker at close of escrow directly, from cash
payable on close to Seller.

1.  **SURVEY **

Within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of acceptance of this contract,
the Seller will provide and deliver to Buyer or Buyer's Attorney, a new
spotted certified survey having all corners staked and showing all
improvements upon the Property.

1.  **EXAMINATION OF TITLE AND TIME OF CLOSING **

If the title evidence and survey as specified above disclose that Seller
is vested with fee simple title to the Property (subject only to the
permitted exceptions set forth above acceptable to Buyer), this sale
shall be closed and Buyer shall perform the agreements made in this
contract, at the office of Buyer's Attorney, on or before \[NUMBER\]
days after acceptance of this contract. If title evidence or survey
reveal any defect or condition which is not acceptable to Buyer, the
Buyer shall, within \[NUMBER\] days, notify the Seller of such title
defects and Seller agrees to use reasonable efforts to remedy such
defects and shall have \[NUMBER\] days to do so, in which case this sale
shall be closed within \[NUMBER\] days after delivery of acceptable
evidence to Buyer and Buyer's Attorney that such defects have been
cured. Seller agrees to pay for and clear all delinquent taxes, liens,
and other encumbrances, unless the parties otherwise agree. If Seller is
unable to convey to Buyer a good and insurable title to the Property,
the Buyer shall have the right to demand all sums deposited by Buyer and
held by or for the Seller. At the same time, Buyer shall return to
Seller all items, if any, received from Seller, whereupon all rights and
liabilities of the parties to this contract shall cease. However, the
Buyer shall have the right to accept such title as Seller may be able to
convey and to close this sale upon the other terms as set forth in this
contract.

1.  **DEFAULT BY BUYER **

If Buyer fails to perform the agreements of this contract within the
time set forth herein, Seller may retain, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, all of the initial deposit, it is being agreed that this
is Seller's exclusive remedy.

1.  **DEFAULT BY SELLER **

If Seller fails to perform any of the agreements of this contract, all
deposits made by Buyer shall be returned to Buyer on demand, or the
Buyer may bring suit against Seller for damages resulting from the
breach of contract, or the Buyer may bring an action for specific
performance. Buyer's remedies are cumulative and not exclusive of one
another, and all other remedies shall be available in either law or
equity to Buyer for Seller's breach hereof.

1.  **ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS **

If any litigation is instituted with respect to enforcement of the terms
of this contract, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover all
costs incurred, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney\'s
fees and court costs.

1.  **CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY **

Seller agrees to deliver the Property to Buyer in its present condition,
ordinary wear and tear excepted, and further certifies and represents
that Seller knows of no latent defect in the Property. All heating,
cooling, plumbing, electrical, sanitary systems, and appliances shall be
in good working order at the time of closing. Seller represents and
warrants that the personal property conveyed with the premises shall be
the same property inspected by Buyer and that no substitutions will be
made without the Buyer's written consent. Buyer may also inspect or
cause to be inspected the foundation, roof supports, or structural
member of all improvements located upon the Property. If any such
system, appliance, roof, foundation, or structural member shall be found
defective, Buyer shall notify Seller at or before closing and Seller
shall thereupon remedy the defect forthwith at its sole expense (in
which case the time for closing shall be reasonably extended as
necessary). If the costs of such repairs shall exceed \[%\] of the total
purchase price, Seller may elect not to make such repairs and the Buyer
may elect to take the Property in such defective condition and deduct
\[%\] from the purchase price or Buyer may, at his/her option, elect to
terminate this contract and receive the full refund of all deposits and
other sums tendered hereunder. In addition, Seller agrees to remove all
debris from the Property by date of possession.

1.  **OCCUPANCY **

Seller shall deliver possession to Buyer no later than the closing date
unless otherwise stated herein. Seller represents that there are no
persons occupying the Property. Seller agrees to provide true and
accurate copies of all written leases to Buyer within \[NUMBER\] days
after the date of acceptance of this contract. Said leases are subject
to Buyer's approval. Seller shall provide such letters notifying tenants
to pay rent to the buyer after closing as Buyer may reasonably request.
Seller warrants that any rent rolls and other income and expense data
provided to Buyer are complete and accurate, all of which must be
acceptable to Buyer.

1.  **NOTICES **

Any notices required to be given herein shall be sent to the parties
listed below at their respective addresses either by personal delivery
or by certified mail - return receipt requested. Such notice shall be
effective upon delivery or mailing.

1.  **BINDING EFFECT OF AGREEMENT**

This agreement and the covenants and agreements of it shall bind and
inure to the benefit of the parties, and their respective heirs,
personal representatives, successors and assigns. Unless the agreement
otherwise requires, the covenants of this agreement shall survive the
transfer of title.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written. \[NUMBER\] duplicate originals of the
agreement have been signed.

SELLER PURCHASER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[IMPROVEMENTS, APPURTENANCES AND EQUIPMENT]{.underline}**
