**ESCROW AGREEMENT **

This Escrow Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the \"Seller\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[BUYER NAME\]** (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[ESCROW AGENT NAME\]** (the \"Escrow Agent\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

Simultaneously with the making of this Agreement, Seller and Buyer have
entered into a contract (the "Contract") by which Seller will sell to
Buyer the following property:

\[DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY BEING SOLD\]

1.  **DATE OF CLOSING**

The closing will take place on \[DATE OF CLOSING\], at \[TIME OF
CLOSING\] at the offices of \[NAME OF THE OFFICE WHERE CLOSING IS TAKING
PLACE\], located at \[ADDRESS OF THE OFFICE\], or at such other time and
place as Seller and Buyer may jointly designate in writing. Pursuant to
the Contract, Buyer must deposit \[DOWN PAYMENT AMOUNT\] as a down
payment to be held in escrow by the Escrow Agent.

1.  **PAYMENT TERMS**

If the closing takes place under the Contract, Escrow Agent at the time
of closing shall pay the amount deposited with Agent to Seller or in
accordance with Seller\'s written instructions. Escrow Agent shall make
simultaneous transfer of the said property to the Buyer. If no closing
takes place under the Contract, Escrow Agent shall continue to hold the
amount deposited until receipt of written authorization for its
disposition signed by both Buyer and Seller. If there is any dispute as
to whom Escrow Agent is to deliver the amount deposited, Escrow Agent
shall hold the sum until the parties\' rights are finally determined in
an appropriate action or proceeding or until a court orders Escrow Agent
to deposit the down payment with it. If Escrow Agent does not receive a
proper written authorization from Seller and Buyer, or if an action or
proceeding to determine Seller\'s and Buyer\'s rights is not begun or
diligently prosecuted, Escrow Agent is under no obligation to bring an
action or proceeding in court to deposit the sum held, but may continue
to hold the deposit. Escrow Agent assumes no liability except that of a
stockholder. Escrow Agents duties are limited to those specifically set
out in this Agreement. Escrow Agent shall incur no liability to anyone
except for willful misconduct or gross negligence so long as the Escrow
Agent acts in good faith. Seller and Buyer release Escrow Agent from any
act done or omitted in good faith in the performance of Escrow Agents
duties.

1.  **ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF DOWN PAYMENT**

The \[DOWN PAYMENT AMOUNT\] down payment referred to herein above has
been paid by Buyer to Escrow Agent.

Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt of \[Down Payment Dollar Amount\] from
Buyer by check \[CHECK NUMBER ON DOWN PAYMENT CHECK\] subject to
collection.

1.  **SPECIAL PROVISIONS**

\[DESCRIBE ANY SPECIAL PROVISIONS\]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

SELLER BUYER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

ESCROW AGENT

Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title
