**EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SELL**

This Exclusive Right to Sell (the"Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the "Seller"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Owner\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

For and in consideration of your services to be rendered in listing for
sale and in undertaking to sell or find a purchaser for the property
hereinafter described, the parties understand and agree that this is an
exclusive listing to sell the real estate located at \[ADDRESS\],
together with the following improvements and fixtures:

\[DESCRIBE\]

1.  Â **TERMS**

The minimum selling price of the property shall be \[AMOUNT\], to be
payable on the following terms:

\[SPECIFY\]

You are authorized to accept and hold a deposit in the amount of
\[AMOUNT\] as a deposit and to apply such deposit on the purchase price.

If said property is sold, traded or in any other way disposed of either
by us or by anyone else within the time specified in this listing, it is
agreed to and understood that you shall receive from the sale or trade
of said property as your commission percent ( %) of the purchase price.

Should said property be sold or traded within \[NUMBER\] days after
expiration of this listing agreement to a purchaser with whom you have
been negotiating for the sale or trade of the property, the said
commission shall be due and payable on demand.

We agree to furnish a certificate of title showing a good and
merchantable title of record, and further agree to convey by good and
sufficient warranty deed or guaranteed title on payment in full.

The listing contract shall continue until midnight of \[DATE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

SELLER OWNER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
