**GUARANTY OF LEASE**

This Guaranty of Lease (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LANDLORD NAME\] **(the \"Landlord\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[GUARANTOR NAME\] **(the \"Guarantor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

Reference is made to that certain Lease herewith, dated \[DATE\], by and
between Landlord and Tenant with respect to certain premises;

As a material inducement to, and in consideration of, Landlord entering
into the Lease, Guarantor does hereby agree as follows:

1.  **GUARANTY**

Guarantor do hereby unconditionally guarantee, as a primary obligor and
not as a surety, and promise to perform and be liable for, the payment
of rent by Tenant for \[NUMBER\] months starting \[DATE\] through
\[DATE\].

1.  **MODIFICATIONS AND AMENDMENTS**

The Lease may be amended or modified, and further agreements may be
entered into between Tenant and Landlord, without further authorization
from or notice to Guarantor and no such action shall terminate, release,
reduce, diminish or in any way affect any of the obligations of the
Guarantor hereunder or give Guarantor recourse or defense against
Landlord.

Landlord may alter, compromise, accelerate, extend or change the time or
manner for the performance or payment of any obligation(s) of Tenant
under the Lease, waive any default by Tenant, fail to assert any rights
against Tenant, grant to Tenant any other indulgence or concession with
respect to all or any part of any of the obligations of Tenant under the
Lease, release, substitute or add Guarantors and may generally deal with
Tenant, or any indebtedness of Tenant to Landlord, as Landlord sees fit,
and no such action and no change, impairment or suspension of any right
or remedy of Landlord shall terminate, release, reduce, diminish or in
any way affect any of the obligations of Guarantor hereunder or give
Guarantor any recourse or defense against Landlord.

1.  **LIABILITIES**

The amount of liability of Guarantor and all rights, power and remedies
of Landlord hereunder and under any other agreement now or at any time
hereafter in force between Landlord and Guarantor, including any other
guaranty executed by Guarantor relating to any indebtedness of Tenant to
Landlord, shall be cumulative and not alternative and shall be deemed to
include all rights, powers and remedies given to Landlord by law. This
Guaranty is in addition to and exclusive of the guaranty of any other
guarantor of any indebtedness of Tenant to Landlord.

1.  **OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTOR**

The obligations of Guarantor hereunder are independent of the Lease
Obligation. In the event of any default hereunder, a separate action or
actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor whether or not
Tenant is joined therein or a separate action or actions is brought
against Tenant. Landlord may maintain successive actions for other
defaults. Landlord\'s rights hereunder shall not be exhausted by its
exercise of any of its other rights or remedies or by any such action or
by any number of successive actions until and unless all of the Lease
Obligation hereby guaranteed has been fully performed and the period of
time has expired during which any payment made by Tenant or Guarantor to
Landlord may be determined to be a Preferential Payment.

1.  **SEVERABILITY**

Each Guarantor shall be jointly and severally liable for, and agrees to
pay to Landlord without demand, attorneys\' fees in such amount as the
Court determines is reasonable and all costs and other expenses which
Landlord expends or incurs in enforcing, collecting or compromising the
Lease Obligation hereby guaranteed or in enforcing or collecting upon
this Guaranty against Guarantor the Lease Obligation hereby guaranteed
whether or not suit is filed.

1.  **ENFORCEMENT**

Should any one or more provisions of this Guaranty be determined to be
illegal or unenforceable, all other provisions shall nevertheless be
effective and enforceable.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

No provision of this Guaranty or right of Landlord hereunder can be
waived nor can Guarantor be released from his or her obligations
hereunder except by a writing duly executed by Landlord.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

Guarantor represents and warrants it is represented or has had full
opportunity to be represented by independent legal counsel of its own
choice in connection with this Guaranty, that it has personally reviewed
this Guaranty, and that it fully has the requisite experience and
sophistication to understand its terms and conditions and the
consequences of the duties assumed and rights waived herein. In the
event of an ambiguity in or dispute regarding the interpretation of this
Instrument, the interpretation shall not be resolved by any rule
providing for interpretation against the party who causes the
uncertainty to exist or against the drafting party.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Except as provided in any other written
agreement now or at any time hereafter in force between Landlord and
Guarantor, this Guaranty shall constitute the entire agreement of the
Guarantor with Landlord with respect to the subject matter hereof and no
representation, understanding, promise or condition concerning the
subject matter hereof shall be binding upon Landlord unless expressed
herein.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

Guarantor agree to be bound by all provisions of the Lease.

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

The term Landlord whenever hereinabove used refers to and means the
Landlord in the foregoing Lease specifically named and also any assignee
of said Landlord, whether by outright assignment or by assignment for
security, and also any successor to the interest of said Landlord or of
any assignee of such Lease or any part thereof, whether by assignment or
otherwise. The term Tenant whenever hereinabove used refers to and means
the Tenant in the foregoing Lease specifically named and also any
assignee of said Lease and also any successor to the interests of said
Tenant or assignee of such Lease or any part thereof, whether by
assignment or otherwise.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

LANDLORD GUARANTOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
