**COMMERCIAL LEASE AGREEMENT**

This Lease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LANDLORD NAME\] **(the \"Landlord\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[TENANT NAME\] **(the \"Tenant\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

1.  **DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES**

Landlord leases to Tenant the premises located at \[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\],
\[STATE\], and described more particularly as follows:

\[INSERT LEGAL DESCRIPTION\].

1.  **GRANT OF LEASE**

Landlord, in consideration of the rents to be paid and the covenants and
agreements to be performed and observed by the Tenant, does hereby lease
to the Tenant and the Tenant does hereby lease and take from the
Landlord the property described in Exhibit \"A\" attached hereto and by
reference made a part hereof (the \"Leased Premises\"), together with,
as part of the parcel, all improvements located thereon.

1.  **LEASE TERM**

    a.  **Total Term of Lease:** The term of this Lease shall begin on
        the commencement date, as defined in Section b) of this Article
        3, and shall terminate on \[DATE\].

    b.  **Commencement Date:** The \"Commencement Date\" shall mean the
        date on which the Tenant shall commence to conduct business on
        the Leased Premised, so long as such date is not in excess of
        \[NUMBER\] days subsequent to execution hereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **EXTENSIONS **

The parties hereto may elect to extend this Agreement upon such terms
and conditions as may be agreed upon in writing and signed by the
parties at the time of any such extension.

1.  **DETERMINATION OF RENT**

The Tenant agrees to pay the Landlord and the Landlord agrees to accept,
during the term hereof, at such place as the Landlord shall from time to
time direct by notice to the Tenant, rent at the following rates and
times:

a.  **Annual Rent:** Annual rent for the term of the Lease shall be
    \[AMOUNT\], plus applicable sales tax.

b.  **Payment of Yearly Rent:** The annual rent shall be payable in
    advance in equal monthly installments of one-twelfth (1/12th) of the
    total yearly rent, which shall be \[AMOUNT\], on the first day of
    each and every calendar month during the term hereof, and prorata
    for the fractional portion of any month, except that on the first
    day of the calendar month immediately following the Commencement
    Date, the Tenant shall also pay to the Landlord rent at the said
    rate for any portion of the preceding calendar month included in the
    term of this Lease.

c.  Reference to yearly rent hereunder shall not be implied or construed
    to the effect that this Lease or the obligation to pay rent
    hereunder is from year to year, or for any term shorter than the
    existing Lease term, plus any extensions as may be agreed upon.

d.  A late fee in the amount of \[AMOUNT\] shall be assessed if payment
    is not postmarked or received by Landlord on or before the tenth day
    of each month.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **USE OF PROPERTY BY TENANT**

The Leased Premises may be occupied and used by Tenant exclusively as a
\[DESCRIBE\], to be known as a \[DESCRIBE\] .

Nothing herein shall give Tenant the right to use the property for any
other purpose or to sublease, assign, or license the use of the property
to any Sub-Tenant, assignee, or licensee, which or who shall use the
property for any other use.

1.  **RESTRICTIONS ON USE**

Tenant shall not use the demised premises in any manner that will
increase risks covered by insurance on the demised premises and result
in an increase in the rate of insurance or a cancellation of any
insurance policy, even if such use may be in furtherance of Tenant's
business purposes.

Tenant shall not keep, use, or sell anything prohibited by any policy of
fire insurance covering the demised premises, and shall comply with all
requirements of the insurers applicable to the demised premises
necessary to keep in force the fire and liability insurance.

1.  **WASTE, NUISANCE, OR UNLAWFUL ACTIVITY**

Tenant shall not allow any waste or nuisance on the demised premises, or
use or allow the demised premises to be used for any unlawful purpose.

1.  **DELAY IN DELIVERING POSSESSION**

This lease agreement shall not be rendered void or voidable by the
inability of Landlord to deliver possession to Tenant on the date set
forth in Section 3. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any loss
or damage suffered by reason of such a delay; provided, however, that
Landlord does deliver possession no later than \[DATE\]. In the event of
a delay in delivering possession, the rent for the period of such delay
will be deducted from the total rent due under this lease agreement. No
extension of this lease agreement shall result from a delay in
delivering possession.

1.  **SECURITY DEPOSIT**

The Tenant has deposited with the Landlord the sum of \[AMOUNT\] as
security for the full and faithful performance by the Tenant of all the
terms of this lease required to be performed by the Tenant. Such sum
shall be returned to the Tenant after the expiration of this lease,
provided the Tenant has fully and faithfully carried out all of its
terms. In the event of a bona fide sale of the property of which the
leased premises are a part, the Landlord shall have the right to
transfer the security to the purchaser to be held under the terms of
this lease, and the Landlord shall be released from all liability for
the return of such security to the Tenant.

1.  **TAXES**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **IMPROVEMENTS BY TENANTS**

Tenant may have prepared plans and specifications for the construction
of improvements, and, if so, such plans and specifications are attached
hereto as Exhibit \"B\" and incorporated herein by reference. Tenant
shall obtain all certificates, permits, licenses and other
authorizations of governmental bodies or authorities which are necessary
to permit the construction of the improvements on the demised premises
and shall keep the same in full force and effect at Tenant\'s cost.

Tenant shall negotiate, let and supervise all contracts for the
furnishing of services, labor, and maerials for the construction of the
improvements on the demised premises at its cost. All such contracts
shall require the contracting party to guarantee performance and all
workmanship and materials installed by it for a period of one year
following the date of completion of construction. Tenant shall cause all
contracts to be fully and completely performed in a good and workmanlike
manner, all to the effect that the improvements shall be fully and
completely constructed and installed in accordance with good engineering
and construction practice.

During the course of construction, Tenant shall, at its cost, keep in
full force and effect a policy of builder\'s risk and liability
insurance in a sum equal, from time to time, to three times the amount
expended for construction of the improvements. All risk of loss or
damage to the improvements during the course of construction shall be on
Tenant with the proceeds from insurance thereon payable to Landlord.

Upon completion of construction, Tenant shall, at its cost, obtain an
occupancy permit and all other permits or licenses necessary for the
occupancy of the improvements and the operation of the same as set out
herein and shall keep the same in force.

Nothing herein shall alter the intent of the parties that Tenant shall
be fully and completely responsible for all aspects pertaining to the
construction of the improvements of the demised premises and for the
payment of all costs associated therewith. Landlord shall be under no
duty to investigate or verify Tenant\'s compliance with the provision
herein. Moreover, neither Tenant nor any third party may construe the
permission granted Tenant hereunder to create any responsibility on the
part of the Landlord to pay for any improvements, alterations or repairs
occasioned by the Tenant. The Tenant shall keep the property free and
clear of all liens and, should the Tenant fail to do so, or to have any
liens removed from the property within \[NUMBER\] days of notification
to do so by the Landlord , in addition to all other remedies available
to the Landlord , the Tenant shall indemnify and hold the Landlord
harmless for all costs and expenses, including attorney\'s fees,
occasioned by the Landlord in having said lien removed from the
property; and, such costs and expenses shall be billed to the Tenant
monthly and shall be payable by the Tenant with that month\'s regular
monthly rental as additional reimburseable expenses to the Landlord by
the Tenant.

1.  **UTILITIES **

Tenant shall pay for all water, sanitation, sewer, electricity, light,
heat, gas, power, fuel, janitorial, and other services incident to
Tenant\'s use of the Leased Premises, whether or not the cost thereof be
a charge or imposition against the Leased Premises.

1.  **OBLIGATIONS FOR REPAIRS **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Tenant's Repairs:** The Tenant shall repair and maintain the
    Leased Premises in good order and condition, except for reasonable
    wear and tear, the repairs required of Landlord pursuant hereto, and
    maintenance or replacement necessitated as the result of the act or
    omission or negligence of the Landlord, its employees, agents, or
    contractors.

b.  **Requirements of the Law:** The Tenant agrees that if any federal,
    state or municipal government or any department or division thereof
    shall condemn the Leased Premises or any part thereof as not in
    conformity with the laws and regulations relating to the
    construction thereof as of the commencement date with respect to
    conditions latent or otherwise which existed on the Commencement
    Date, or, with respect to items which are the Landlord\'s duty to
    repair pursuant to Section a) and c) of this Article; and such
    federal, state or municipal government or any other department or
    division thereof, has ordered or required, or shall hereafter order
    or require, any alterations or repairs thereof or installations and
    repairs as may be necessary to comply with such laws, orders or
    requirements (the validity of which the Tenant shall be entitled to
    contest); and if by reason of such laws, orders or the work done by
    the Landlord in connection therewith, the Tenant is deprived of the
    use of the Leased Premises, the rent shall be abated or adjusted, as
    the case may be, in proportion to that time during which, and to
    that portion of the Leased Premises of which, the Tenant shall shall
    be deprived as a result thereof, and the Landlord shall be obligated
    to make such repairs, alterations or modifications at Landlord\'s
    expense. All such rebuilding, altering, installing and repairing
    shall be done in accordance with Plans and Specifications approved
    by the Tenant, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
    If, however, such condemnation, law, order or requirement, as in
    this Article set forth, shall be with respect to an item which shall
    be the Tenant\'s obligation to repair pursuant to Section b) of this
    Article 9 or with respect to Tenant\'s own costs and expenses, no
    abatement or adjustment of rent shall be granted; provided, however,
    that Tenant shall also be entitled to contest the validity thereof.

c.  **TENANT\'S Alterations:** The Tenant shall have the right, at its
    sole expense, from time to time, to redecorate the Leased Premises
    and to make such non-structural alterations and changes in such
    parts thereof as the Tenant shall deem expedient or necessary for
    its purposes; provided, however, that such alterations and changes
    shall neither impair the structural soundness nor diminish the value
    of the Leased Premises. The Tenant may make structural alterations
    and additions to the Leased Premises provided that Tenant has first
    obtained the consent thereto of the Landlord in writing. The
    Landlord agrees that it shall not withhold such consent
    unreasonably. The Landlord shall execute and deliver upon the
    request of the Tenant such instrument or instruments embodying the
    approval of the Landlord which may be required by the public or
    quasi public authority for the purpose of obtaining any licenses or
    permits for the making of such alterations, changes and/or
    installations in, to or upon the Leased Premises and the Tenant
    agrees to pay for such licenses or permits.

d.  **Permits and Expenses: **Each party agrees that it will procure all
    necessary permits for making any repairs, alterations, or other
    improvements for installations, when applicable. Each Party hereto
    shall give written notice to the other party of any repairs required
    of the other pursuant to the provisions of this Article and the
    party responsible for said repairs agrees promptly to commence such
    repairs and to prosecute the same to completion diligently, subject,
    however, to the delays occasioned by events beyond the control of
    such party.

Each party agrees to pay promptly when due the entire cost of any work
done by it upon the Leased Premises so that the Leased Premises at all
times shall be free of liens for labor and materials. Each party further
agrees to hold harmless and indemnify the other party from and against
any and all injury, loss, claims or damage to any person or property
occasioned by or arising out of the doing of any such work by such party
or its employees, agents or contractors. Each party further agrees that
in doing such work that it will employ materials of good quality and
comply with all governmental requirements, and perform such work in a
good and workmanlike manner.

1.  **TENANT\'S COVENANTS **

Tenant covenants and agrees as follows:

a.  To procure any licenses and permits required for any use made of the
    Leased Premises by Tenant, and upon the expiration or termination of
    this Lease, to remove its goods and effects and those of all persons
    claiming under it, and to yield up peaceably to Landlord the Leased
    Premises in good order, repair and condition in all respects;
    excepting only damage by fire and casualty covered by Tenant\'s
    insurance coverage, structural repairs (unless Tenant is obligated
    to make such repairs hereunder) and reasonable wear and tear;

b.  To permit Landlord and its agents to examine the Leased Premises at
    reasonable times and to show the Leased Premises to prospective
    purchasers of the Building and to provide Landlord, if not already
    available, with a set of keys for the purpose of said examination,
    provided that Landlord shall not thereby unreasonably interfere with
    the conduct of Tenant\'s business;

c.  To permit Landlord to enter the Leased Premises to inspect such
    repairs, improvements, alterations or additions thereto as may be
    required under the provisions of this Lease. If, as a result of such
    repairs, improvements, alterations, or additions, Tenant is deprived
    of the use of the Leased Premises, the rent shall be abated or
    adjusted, as the case may be, in proportion to that time during
    which, and to that portion of the Leased Premises of which, Tenant
    shall be deprived as a result thereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNITY BY TENANT**

The Tenant shall save Landlord harmless and indemnify Landlord from all
injury, loss, claims or damage to any person or property while on the
Leased Premises, unless caused by the willful acts or omissions or gross
negligence of Landlord, its employees, agents, licensees or contractors.
Tenant shall maintain, with respect to the Leased Premises, public
liability insurance with limits of not less than \[AMOUNT\] for injury
or death from one accident and \[AMOUNT\] property damage insurance,
insuring Landlord and Tenant against injury to persons or damage to
property on or about the Leased Premises. A copy of the policy or a
certificate of insurance shall be delivered to Landlord on or before the
commencement date and no such policy shall be cancelable without
\[NUMBER\] days prior written notice to Landlord.

1.  **SIGNAGE**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Exterior Signs:** Tenant shall have the right, at its sole risk
    and expense and in conformity with applicable laws and ordinances,
    to erect and thereafter, to repair or replace, if it shall so elect
    signs on any portion of the Leased Premises, providing that Tenant
    shall remove any such signs upon termination of this lease, and
    repair all damage occasioned thereby to the Leased Premises.

b.  **Interior Signs:** Tenant shall have the right, at its sole risk
    and expense and in conformity with applicable laws and ordinances,
    to erect, maintain, place and install its usual and customary signs
    and fixtures in the interior of the Leased Premises.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Insurance Proceeds:** In the event of any damage to or destruction
    of the Leased Premises, Tenant shall adjust the loss and settle all
    claims with the insurance companies issuing such policies. The
    parties hereto do irrevocably assign the proceeds from such
    insurance policies for the purposes hereinafter stated to any
    institutional first mortgagee or to Landlord and Tenant jointly, if
    no institutional first mortgagee then holds an interest in the
    Leased Premises. All proceeds of said insurance shall be paid into a
    trust fund under the control of any institutional first mortgagee,
    or of Landlord and Tenant if no institutional first mortgagee then
    holds an interest in the Leased Premises, for repair, restoration,
    rebuilding or replacement, or any combination thereof, of the Leased
    Premises or of the improvements in the Leased Premises. In case of
    such damage or destruction, Landlord shall be entitled to make
    withdrawals from such trust fund, from time to time, upon
    presentation of:

    i.  bills for labor and materials expended in repair, restoration,
        rebuilding or replacement, or any combination thereof;

    ii. Landlord\'s sworn statement that such labor and materials for
        which payment is being made have been furnished or delivered on
        site; and

    iii. the certificate of a supervising architect (selected by
         Landlord and Tenant and approved by an institutional first
         mortgagee, if any, whose fees will be paid out of said
         insurance proceeds) certifying that the work being paid for has
         been completed in accordance with the Plans and Specifications
         previously approved by Landlord , Tenant and any institutional
         first mortgagee in a first class, good and workmanlike manner
         and in accordance with all pertinent governmental requirements.

Any insurance proceeds in excess of such proceeds as shall be necessary
for such repair,

restoration, rebuilding, replacement or any combination thereof shall be
the sole property of Landlord subject to any rights therein of
Landlord\'s mortgagee, and if the proceeds necessary for such repair,
restoration, rebuilding or replacement, or any combination thereof shall
be inadequate to pay the cost thereof, Tenant shall suffer the
deficiency.

a.  **Subrogation:** Landlord and Tenant hereby release each other, to
    the extent of the insurance coverage provided hereunder, from any
    and all liability or responsibility (to the other or anyone claiming
    through or under the other by way of subrogation or otherwise) for
    any loss to or damage of property covered by the fire and extended
    coverage insurance policies insuring the Leased Premises and any of
    Tenant\'s property, even if such loss or damage shall have been
    caused by the fault or negligence of the other party.

b.  **Contribution:** Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for all insurance
    premiums connected with or applicable to the Leased Premises for
    whatever insurance policy the Landlord , at its sole and exclusive
    option, should select.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **The Award:** All compensation awarded for any taking, whether for
    the whole or a portion of the Leased Premises, shall be the sole
    property of the Landlord whether such compensation shall be awarded
    for diminution in the value of, or loss of, the leasehold or for
    diminution in the value of, or loss of, the fee in the Leased
    Premises, or otherwise. The Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord all of
    Tenant\'s right and title to and interest in any and all such
    compensation. However, the Landlord shall not be entitled to and
    Tenant shall have the sole right to make its independent claim for
    and retain any portion of any award made by the appropriating
    authority directly to Tenant for loss of business, or damage to or
    depreciation of, and cost of removal of fixtures, personality and
    improvements installed in the Leased Premises by, or at the expense
    of Tenant, and to any other award made by the appropriating
    authority directly to Tenant.

b.  **Release:** In the event of any termination of this Lease as the
    result of the provisions of this Article 20, the parties, effective
    as of such termination, shall be released, each to the other, from
    all liability and obligations thereafter arising under this lease.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LANDLORD'S REMEDIES**

In the event that:

a.  Tenant shall on three or more occasions be in default in the payment
    of rent or other charges herein required to be paid by Tenant
    (default herein being defined as payment received by Landlord ten or
    more days subsequent to the due date), regardless of whether or not
    such default has occurred on consecutive or non-consecutive months;
    or

b.  Tenant has caused a lien to be filed against the Landlord\'s
    property and said lien is not removed within \[NUMBER\] days of
    recordation thereof; or

c.  Tenant shall default in the observance or performance of any of the
    covenants and agreements required to be performed and observed by
    Tenant hereunder for a period of \[NUMBER\] days after notice to
    Tenant in writing of such default (or if such default shall
    reasonably take more than \[NUMBER\] days to cure, Tenant shall not
    have commenced the same within the \[NUMBER\] days and diligently
    prosecuted the same to completion); or

d.  \[NUMBER\] days have elapsed after the commencement of any
    proceeding by or against Tenant, whether by the filing of a petition
    or otherwise, seeking any reorganization, arrangement, composition,
    readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under the
    present or future Federal Bankruptcy Act or any other present or
    future applicable federal, state or other statute or law, whereby
    such proceeding shall not have been dismissed (provided, however,
    that the non-dismissal of any such proceeding shall not be a default
    hereunder so long as all of Tenant\'s covenants and obligations
    hereunder are being performed by or on behalf of Tenant); then
    Landlord shall be entitled to its election (unless Tenant shall cure
    such default prior to such election), to exercise concurrently or
    successively, any one or more of the following rights:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  Without liability to Tenant or any other party and without
    constituting a constructive or actual eviction, suspend or
    discontinue furnishing or rendering to Tenant any property,
    material, labor, Utilities or other service, whether Landlord is
    obligated to furnish or render the same, so long as Tenant is in
    default under this Lease; or

ii. Allow the Premises to remain unoccupied and collect rent from Tenant
    as it comes due; or

iii. Foreclose the security interest described herein, including the
     immediate taking of possession of all property on or in the
     Premises; or

iv. Pursue such other remedies as are available at law or equity.

    a.  Landlord\'s pursuit of any remedy of remedies, including without
        limitation, any one or more of the remedies stated herein shall
        not (1) constitute an election of remedies or preclude pursuit
        of any other remedy or remedies provided in this Lease or any
        other remedy or remedies provided by law or in equity,
        separately or concurrently or in any combination, or (2) sever
        as the basis for any claim of constructive eviction, or allow
        Tenant to withhold any payments under this Lease.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LANDLORD\'S SELF HELP **

If in the performance or observance of any agreement or condition in
this Lease contained on its part to be performed or observed and shall
not cure such default within \[NUMBER\] days after notice from Landlord
specifying the default (or if such default shall reasonably take more
than \[NUMBER\] days to cure, shall diligently prosecuted the same to
completion), Landlord may, at its option, without waiving any claim for
damages for breach of agreement, at any time thereafter cure such
default for the account of Tenant, and any amount paid or contractual
liability incurred by Landlord in so doing shall be deemed paid or
incurred for the account of Tenant and Tenant agrees to reimburse
Landlord therefore and save Landlord harmless there from. Provided,
however, that Landlord may cure any such default as aforesaid prior to
the expiration of said waiting period, without notice to Tenant if any
emergency situation exists, or after notice to Tenant, if the curing of
such default prior to the expiration of said waiting period is
reasonably necessary to protect the Leased Premises or Landlord\'s
interest therein, or to prevent injury or damage to persons or property.
If Tenant shall fail to reimburse Landlord upon demand for any amount
paid for the account of Tenant hereunder, said amount shall be added to
and become due as a part of the next payment of rent due and shall for
all purposes be deemed and treated as rent hereunder.

1.  **TENANT\'S SELF HELP **

If Landlord shall default in the performance or observance of any
agreement or condition in this Lease contained on its part to be
performed or observed, and if Landlord shall not cure such default
within \[NUMBER\] days after notice from Tenant specifying the default
(or, if such default shall reasonably take more than \[NUMBER\] days to
cure, and Landlord shall not have commenced the same within \[NUMBER\]
days and diligently prosecuted the same to completion), Tenant may, at
its option, without waiving any claim for damages for breach of
agreement, at any time thereafter cure such default for the account of
Landlord and any amount paid or any contractual liability incurred by
Tenant in so doing shall be deemed paid or incurred for the account of
Landlord and Landlord shall reimburse Tenant therefore and save Tenant
harmless there from. Provided, however, that Tenant may cure any such
default as aforesaid prior to the expiration of said waiting period,
without notice to Landlord if an emergency situation exists, or after
notice to Landlord , if the curing of such default prior to the
expiration of said waiting period is reasonably necessary to protect the
Leased Premises or Tenant\'s interest therein or to prevent injury or
damage to persons or property. If Landlord shall fail to reimburse
Tenant upon demand for any amount paid or liability incurred for the
account of Landlord hereunder, said amount or liability may be deducted
by Tenant from the next or any succeeding payments of rent due
hereunder; provided, however, that should said amount or the liability
therefore be disputed by Landlord, Landlord may contest its liability or
the amount thereof, through arbitration or through a declaratory
judgment action and Landlord shall bear the cost of the filing fees
therefore.

1.  **TITLE**

    a.  **Subordination:** Tenant shall, upon the request of Landlord in
        writing, subordinate this Lease to the lien of any present or
        future institutional mortgage upon the Leased Premises
        irrespective of the time of execution or the time of recording
        of any such mortgage. Provided, however, that as a condition to
        such subordination, the holder of any such mortgage shall enter
        first into a written agreement with Tenant in form suitable for
        recording to the effect that:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  in the event of foreclosure or other action taken under the mortgage
    by the holder thereof, this Lease and the rights of Tenant hereunder
    shall not be disturbed but shall continue in full force and effect
    so long as Tenant shall not be in default hereunder

ii. such holder shall permit insurance proceeds and condemnation
    proceeds to be used for any restoration and repair required by the
    provisions of this Agreement, respectively. Tenant agrees that if
    the mortgagee or any person claiming under the mortgagee shall
    succeed to the interest of Landlord in this Lease, Tenant will
    recognize said mortgagee or person as its Landlord under the terms
    of this Lease, provided that said mortgagee or person for the period
    during which said mortgagee or person respectively shall be in
    possession of the Leased Premises and thereafter their respective
    successors in interest shall assume all of the obligations of
    Landlord hereunder. The word \"mortgage\", as used herein includes
    mortgages, deeds of trust or other similar instruments, and
    modifications, and extensions thereof. The term \"institutional
    mortgage\" as used in this Article 24 means a mortgage securing a
    loan from a bank or trust company, insurance company or pension
    trust or any other lender institutional in nature and constituting a
    lien upon the Leased Premises.

    a.  **Quiet Enjoyment:** Landlord covenants and agrees that upon
        Tenant paying the rent and observing and performing all of the
        terms, covenants and conditions on Tenant\'s part to be observed
        and performed hereunder, that Tenant may peaceably and quietly
        have, hold, occupy and enjoy the Leased Premises in accordance
        with the terms of this Lease without hindrance or molestation
        from Landlord or any persons lawfully claiming through Landlord
        .

    b.  **Zoning and Good Title:** Landlord warrants and represents,
        upon which warranty and representation Tenant has relied in the
        execution of this Lease, that Landlord is the owner of the
        Leased Premises, in fee simple absolute, free and clear of all
        encumbrances, except for the easements, covenants and
        restrictions of record as of the date of this Lease. Such
        exceptions shall not impede or interfere with the quiet use and
        enjoyment of the Leased Premises by Tenant. Landlord further
        warrants and covenants that this Lease is and shall be a first
        lien on the Leased Premises, subject only to any Mortgage to
        which this Lease is subordinate or may become subordinate
        pursuant to an agreement executed by Tenant, and to such
        encumbrances as shall be caused by the acts or omissions of
        Tenant; that Landlord has full right and lawful authority to
        execute this Lease for the term, in the manner, and upon the
        conditions and provisions herein contained; that there is no
        legal impediment to the use of the Leased Premises as set out
        herein; that the Leased Premises are not subject to any
        easements, restrictions, zoning ordinances or similar
        governmental regulations which prevent their use as set out
        herein; that the Leased Premises presently are zoned for the use
        contemplated herein and throughout the term of this lease may
        continue to be so used therefore by virtue of said zoning, under
        the doctrine of \"non-conforming use\", or valid and binding
        decision of appropriate authority, except, however, that said
        representation and warranty by Landlord shall not be applicable
        in the event that Tenant\'s act or omission shall invalidate the
        application of said zoning, the doctrine of \"non-conforming
        use\" or the valid and binding decision of the appropriate
        authority. Landlord shall furnish without expense to Tenant,
        within \[NUMBER\] days after written request therefore by
        Tenant, a title report covering the Leased Premises showing the
        condition of title as of the date of such certificate, provided,
        however, that Landlord\'s obligation hereunder shall be limited
        to the furnishing of only one such title report.

    c.  **Licenses:** It shall be the Tenant\'s responsibility to obtain
        any and all necessary licenses and the Landlord shall bear no
        responsibility therefore; the Tenant shall promptly notify
        Landlord of the fact that it has obtained the necessary licenses
        in order to prevent any delay to Landlord in commencing
        construction of the Leased Premises.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Tenant's Right to cure Landlord's Default:** In the event that
    Landlord shall fail, refuse or neglect to pay any mortgages, liens
    or encumbrances, the judicial sale of which might affect the
    interest of Tenant hereunder, or shall fail, refuse or neglect to
    pay any interest due or payable on any such mortgage, lien or
    encumbrance, Tenant may pay said mortgages, liens or encumbrances,
    or interest or perform said conditions and charge to Landlord the
    amount so paid and withhold and deduct from any rents herein
    reserved such amounts so paid, and any excess over and above the
    amounts of said rents shall be paid by Landlord to Tenant.

b.  **Notices:** All notices and other communications authorized or
    required hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by mailing
    the same by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
    prepaid, and any such notice or other communication shall be deemed
    to have been given when received by the party to whom such notice or
    other communication shall be addressed. If intended for Landlord the
    same will be mailed to the address herein above set forth or such
    other address as Landlord may hereafter designate by notice to
    Tenant, and if intended for Tenant, the same shall be mailed to
    Tenant at the address herein above set forth, or such other address
    or addresses as Tenant may hereafter designate by notice to
    Landlord.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PROPERTY DAMAGE **

    a.  **Loss and Damage:** Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of
        this Lease, Landlord shall not be responsible for any loss of or
        damage to property of Tenant or of others located on the Leased
        Premises, except where caused by the willful act or omission or
        negligence of Landlord , or Landlord\'s agents, employees or
        contractors, provided, however, that if Tenant shall notify
        Landlord in writing of repairs which are the responsibility of
        Landlord under Article VII hereof, and Landlord shall fail to
        commence and diligently prosecute to completion said repairs
        promptly after such notice, and if after the giving of such
        notice and the occurrence of such failure, loss of or damage to
        Tenant\'s property shall result from the condition as to which
        Landlord has been notified, Landlord shall indemnify and hold
        harmless Tenant from any loss, cost or expense arising there
        from.

    b.  **Force Majeure:** In the event that Landlord or Tenant shall be
        delayed or hindered in or prevented from the performance of any
        act other than Tenant\'s obligation to make payments of rent,
        additional rent, and other charges required hereunder, by reason
        of strikes, lockouts, unavailability of materials, failure of
        power, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, riots,
        insurrections, the act, failure to act, or default of the other
        party, war or other reason beyond its control, then performance
        of such act shall be excused for the period of the delay and the
        period for the performance of such act shall be extended for a
        period equivalent to the period of such delay. Notwithstanding
        the foregoing, lack of funds shall not be deemed to be a cause
        beyond control of either party.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING**

Under the terms and conditions hereunder, Tenant shall have the absolute
right to transfer and assign this lease or to sublet all or any portion
of the Leased Premises or to cease operating Tenant\'s business on the
Leased Premises provided that at the time of such assignment or sublease
Tenant shall not be in default in the performance and observance of the
obligations imposed upon Tenant hereunder, and in the event that Tenant
assigns or sublets this property for an amount in excess of the rental
amount then being paid, then Landlord shall require as further
consideration for the granting of the right to assign or sublet, a sum
equal to \[%\] of the difference between the amount of rental to be
charged by Tenant to Tenant\'s subtenant or assignee and the amount
provided for herein, payable in a manner consistent with the method of
payment by the subtenant or assignee to the Tenant, and/or \[%\] of the
consideration paid or to be paid to Tenant by Tenant\'s or Sub-Tenant or
assignee.

1.  **FIXTURES**

All personal property, furnishings and equipment presently and all other
trade fixtures installed in or hereafter by or at the expense of Tenant
and all additions and/or improvements, exclusive of structural,
mechanical, electrical, and plumbing, affixed to the Leased Premises and
used in the operation of the Tenant\'s business made to, in or on the
Leased Premises by and at the expense of Tenant and susceptible of being
removed from the Leased Premises without damage, unless such damage be
repaired by Tenant, shall remain the property of Tenant and Tenant may,
but shall not be obligated to, remove the same or any part thereof at
any time or times during the term hereof, provided that Tenant, at its
sole cost and expense, shall make any repairs occasioned by such
removal.

1.  **OPTION TO RENEW**

Landlord grants to Tenant an option to renew this lease agreement for a
period of \[NUMBER\] years after expiration of the term of this Lease
agreement at a rental of \[AMOUNT\] per month, with all other terms and
conditions of the renewal lease to be the same as those in this lease
agreement. To exercise this option to renew, Tenant must give Landlord
written notice of intention to do so at least \[NUMBER\] days before
this lease agreement expires.

1.  **ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES **

At any time and from time to time, Landlord and Tenant each agree, upon
request in writing from the other, to execute, acknowledge and deliver
to the other or to any person designated by the other a statement in
writing certifying that the Lease is unmodified and is in full force and
effect, or if there have been modifications, that the same is in full
force and effect as modified (stating the modifications), that the other
party is not in default in the performance of its covenants hereunder,
or if there have been such defaults, specifying the same, and the dates
to which the rent and other charges have been paid.

1.  **INVALIDITY OF PARTICULAR PROVISION **

If any term or provision of this Lease or the application hereof to any
person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such
term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to
which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected
thereby, and each term and provision of this Lease shall be valid and be
enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

1.  **CAPTIONS AND DEFINITIONS OF PARTIES **

The captions of the Sections of this Lease are for convenience only and
are not a part of this Lease and do not in any way limit or amplify the
terms and provisions of this Lease. The word \"Landlord\" and the
pronouns referring thereto, shall mean, where the context so admits or
requires, the persons, firm or corporation named herein as Landlord or
the mortgagee in possession at any time, of the land and building
comprising the Leased Premises. If there is more than one Landlord, the
covenants of Landlord shall be the joint and several obligations of each
of them, and if Landlord is a partnership, the covenants of Landlord
shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the partners and
the obligations of the firm. Any pronoun shall be read in the singular
or plural and in such gender as the context may require. Except as in
this Lease otherwise provided, the terms and provisions of this Lease
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns.

1.  **RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES**

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or construed by the parties
hereto nor by any third party as creating the relationship of principal
and agent or of partnership or of a joint venture between the parties
hereto, it being understood and agreed that neither any provision
contained herein, nor any acts of the parties hereto, shall be deemed to
create any relationship between the parties hereto other than the
relationship of Landlord and Tenant.

1.  **BROKERAGE **

No party has acted as, by or through a broker in the effectuation of
this Agreement, except as set out hereinafter.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This instrument contains the entire and only agreement between the
parties, and no oral statements or representations or prior written
matter not contained in this instrument shall have any force and effect.
This Lease shall not be modified in any way except by a writing executed
by both parties.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

All matters pertaining to this agreement (including its interpretation,
application, validity, performance and breach) in whatever jurisdiction
action may be brought, shall be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. The parties
herein waive trial by jury and agree to submit to the personal
jurisdiction and venue of a court of subject matter jurisdiction located
in \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **LITIGATION**

In the event that litigation results from or arises out of this
Agreement or the performance thereof, the parties agree to reimburse the
prevailing party\'s reasonable attorney\'s fees, court costs, and all
other expenses, whether or not taxable by the court as costs, in
addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be
entitled. In such event, no action shall be entertained by said court or
any court of competent jurisdiction if filed more than one year
subsequent to the date the cause(s) of action actually accrued
regardless of whether damages were otherwise as of said time calculable.

If Landlord files an action to enforce any agreement contained in this
lease agreement, or for breach of any covenant or condition, Tenant
shall pay Landlord reasonable attorney fees for the services of
Landlord's attorney in the action, all fees to be fixed by the court.

1.  **CONTRACTUAL PROCEDURES **

Unless specifically disallowed by law, should litigation arise
hereunder, service of process therefor may be obtained through certified
mail, return receipt requested; the parties hereto waiving any and all
rights they may have to object to the method by which service was
perfected.

1.  **EXTRAORDINARY REMEDIES **

To the extent cognizable at law, the parties hereto, in the event of
breach and in addition to any and all other remedies available thereto,
may obtain injunctive relief, regardless of whether the injured party
can demonstrate that no adequate remedy exists at law.

1.  **RELIANCE ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT **

Tenant shall furnish concurrently with the execution of this lease, a
financial statement of Tenant prepared by an accountant. Tenant, both in
corporate capacity, if applicable, and individually, hereby represents
and warrants that all the information contained therein is complete,
true, and correct. Tenant understands that Landlord is relying upon the
accuracy of the information contained therein. Should there be found to
exist any inaccuracy within the financial statement which adversely
affects Tenant\'s financial standing, or should Tenant\'s financial
circumstances materially change, Landlord may demand, as additional
security, an amount equal to an additional \[NUMBER\] months\' rent,
which additional security shall be subject to all terms and conditions
herein, require a fully executed guaranty by a third party acceptable to
Landlord, elect to terminate this Lease, or hold Tenant personally and
individually liable hereunder.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease the day
and year first above written or have caused this Lease to be executed by
their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

LANDLORD TENANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT \"A\" LEGAL DESCRIPTION]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT \"B\" TENANT PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS]{.underline}**
