**LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\] **(the \"Indemnitor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\] **(the \"Indemnitee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this agreement, the
parties agree as follows:

1.  **GRANT OF LICENSE; DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES**

Licensor grants to licensee a license to occupy and use, subject to all
of the terms and conditions of this agreement, the following described
property located in \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\]: \[INSERT LEGAL
DESCRIPTION\].

1.  **LIMITATION TO DESCRIBED PURPOSE**

The above-described property may be occupied and used by licensee solely
for \[SPECIFY PRIMARY PURPOSE(S)\] and for incidental purposes related
to such purpose during the period beginning \[DATE\]*,* and continuing
until this agreement is terminated as provided in this agreement.

1.  **PERIODIC PAYMENTS**

Licensee shall pay licensor for this license at the rate of \[AMOUNT\]
per \[MONTH\] payable in advance. The first payment shall be made on the
date of the beginning of the period specified above. Subsequent payments
shall be made in advance promptly on the \[DAY OF EACH MONTH\]
thereafter during the continuation of this agreement.

1.  **VARIABLE PAYMENTS**

In addition to making the payments provided for in Section Three of this
agreement, licensee shall make payments based on the extent of
utilization of the above-described property. Such payments shall be at
the rate of \[SPECIFY\]. The first payment under this provision shall
cover the period from and including \[DATE\], to and including \[DATE\],
and shall be due and payable on \[DATE\]. Subsequent payments shall
cover \[NUMBER\] intervals after \[DATE\], and each such payment shall
be due and payable \[NUMBER\] days after the expiration of the \[TIME\]
interval to which it is applicable. All payments shall be supported by
appropriate statements certified by licensee.

1.  **TERMINATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  Either party may terminate this agreement at any time, without
    regard to payment periods by giving written notice to the other,
    specifying the date of termination, such notice to be given not less
    than \[NUMBER\] days prior to the date specified in such notice for
    the date of termination.

B.  Should the above-described property, or any essential part of such
    property, be totally destroyed by fire or other casualty, this
    agreement shall immediately terminate; and, in the case of partial
    destruction, this agreement may be terminated by either party by
    giving written notice to the other, specifying the date of
    termination, such notice to be given within \[NUMBER\] days
    following such partial destruction and not less than \[NUMBER\] days
    prior to the termination date specified in such notice.

C.  If licensee shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
    or be placed in receivership or adjudicated a bankrupt, or take
    advantage of any bankruptcy or insolvency law, licensor may
    terminate this agreement by giving written notice to the licensee,
    specifying the date of termination, such notice to be given not less
    than \[NUMBER\] days prior to the date specified in such notice for
    the date of termination.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **APPORTIONMENT OF PAYMENTS ON TERMINATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  On any termination of this agreement, licensor shall apportion, on a
    \[NUMBER\]-day basis, the \[MONTHLY\] fee paid in advance from and
    including the first day of the \[MONTH\] during which the agreement
    is terminated to and including the day on which the agreement is
    terminated, and the licensor shall refund to the licensee the
    unearned portion of such fee; provided, however, that no refund
    shall be in an amount less than \[AMOUNT\].

B.  On any termination of this agreement, licensee, shall quit the
    above-described property, and shall remove from such property all
    property installed in, on, or attached to the above-described
    property.

C.  Any termination of this agreement, howsoever caused, shall be
    entirely without prejudice to the rights of licensor that have
    accrued under this agreement prior to the date of such termination.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

It is agreed that this agreement shall be governed by, construed, and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
any prior understanding or representation of any kind preceding the date
of this agreement shall not be binding on either party except to the
extent incorporated in this agreement.

1.  **MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT**

Any modification of this agreement or additional obligation assumed by
either party in connection with this agreement shall be binding only if
evidenced in writing signed by each party or an authorized
representative of each party.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice provided for or concerning this agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed sufficiently given when sent by certified or
registered mail if sent to the respective address of each party as set
forth at the beginning of this agreement.

1.  **ATTORNEY'S FEES**

In the event that any lawsuit is filed in relation to this agreement,
the unsuccessful party in the action shall pay to the successful party,
in addition to all the sums that either party may be called on to pay, a
reasonable sum for the successful party's attorney fees.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS**

The rights of each party under this agreement are personal to that party
and may not be assigned or transferred to any other person, firm,
corporation, or other entity without the prior, express, and written
consent of the other party.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
