**MORTGAGE**

This Mortgage (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[MORTGAGOR NAME\] **(the \"Mortgagor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[MORTGAGEE NAME\] **(the \"Mortgagee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, Mortgagor is justly indebted to Mortgagee in the sum of
\[AMOUNT\] in lawful money of \[COUNTRY\], and has agreed to pay the
same, with interest thereon, according to the terms of a certain note
(the \"Note\") given by Mortgagor to Mortgagee, bearing even date
herewith.

1.  **DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY SUBJECT TO LIEN: \"PREMISES\" **

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the sum hereinabove
set forth, and to secure the payment of the Secured Indebtedness as
defined herein, Mortgagor has granted, bargained, sold and conveyed, and
by these presents does grant, bargain, sell and convey unto Mortgagee
property situated in \[CITY, STATE/PROVINCE\] more particularly
described in Exhibit" A\" attached hereto and by this reference made a
part hereof;

TOGETHER with all buildings, structures and other improvements now or
hereafter located on, above or below the surface of the property herein
before described, or any part and parcel thereof; and,

TOGETHER with all and singular the tenements, easements, riparian and
littoral rights, and appurtenances thereunto belonging or in anywise
appertaining, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Mortgagor, and
including all rights of ingress and egress to and from adjoining
property (whether such rights now exist or subsequently arise) together
with the reversion or reversions, remainder and remainders, rents,
issues and profits thereof; and also all the estate, right, title,
interest, claim and demand whatsoever of Mortgagor of, in and to the
same and of, in and to every part and parcel thereof; and,

TOGETHER with all machinery, apparatus, equipment, fittings, fixtures,
whether actually or constructively attached to said property and
including all trade, domestic and ornamental fixtures, and articles of
personal property of every kind and nature whatsoever (hereinafter
collectively called \"Equipment\"), now or hereafter located in, upon or
under said property or any part thereof and used or usable in connection

with any present or future operation of said property and now owned or
hereafter acquired by Mortgagor; and,

TOGETHER with all the common elements appurtenant to any parcel, unit or
lot which is all or part of the Premises; and,

ALL the foregoing encumbered by this Mortgage being collectively
referred to herein as the \"Premises\";

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Premises hereby granted to the use, benefit and
behalf of the Mortgagee, forever.

1.  **EQUITY OF REDEMPTION **

Conditioned, however, that if Mortgagor shall promptly pay or cause to
be paid to Mortgagee, at its address listed in the Note, or at such
other place which may hereafter be designated by Mortgagee, its or their
successors or assigns, with interest, the principal sum of \[AMOUNT\]
with final maturity, if not sooner paid, as stated in said Note unless
amended or extended according to the terms of the Note executed by
Mortgagor and payable to the order of Mortgagee, then these presents
shall cease and be void, otherwise these presents shall remain in full
force and effect.

1.  **COVENANTS OF MORTGAGOR**

Mortgagor covenants and agrees with Mortgagee as follows:

1.  **DEFAULTS**

    a.  **Event of Default:** The occurrence of any one of the following
        events which shall not be cured within \[NUMBER\] days after
        written notice of the occurrence of the event, if the default is
        monetary, or which shall not be cured within \[NUMBER\] days
        after written notice from Mortgagee, if the default is
        non-monetary, shall constitute an \"Event of Default\": (a)
        Mortgagor fails to pay the Secured Indebtedness, or any part
        thereof, or the taxes, insurance and other charges, as herein
        before provided, when and as the same shall become due and
        payable; (b) Any material warranty of Mortgagor herein
        contained, or contained in the Note, proves untrue or misleading
        in any material respect; (c) Mortgagor materially fails to keep,
        observe, perform, carry out and execute the covenants,
        agreements, obligations and conditions set out in this Mortgage,
        or in the Note; (d) Foreclosure proceedings (whether judicial or
        otherwise) are instituted on any mortgage or any lien of any
        kind secured by any portion of the Premises and affecting the
        priority of this Mortgage.

    b.  **Options Of Mortgagee Upon Event Of Default:** Upon the
        occurrence of any Event of Default, the Mortgagee may
        immediately do any one or more of the following: (a) Declare the
        total Secured Indebtedness, including without limitation all
        payments for taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, liens,
        costs, expenses and attorney\'s fees herein specified, without
        notice to Mortgagor (such notice being hereby expressly waived),
        to be due and collectible at once, by foreclosure or
        otherwise; (b) Pursue any and all remedies available under the
        Uniform Commercial Code; it being hereby agreed that \[NUMBER\]
        days\' notice as to the time, date and place of any proposed
        sale shall be reasonable; (c) In the event that Mortgagee elects
        to accelerate the maturity of the Secured Indebtedness and
        declares the Secured Indebtedness to be due and payable in full
        at once, or as may be provided for in the Note, or any other
        provision or term of this Mortgage, then Mortgagee shall have
        the right to pursue all of Mortgagee\'s rights and remedies for
        the collection of such Secured Indebtedness, whether such rights
        and remedies are granted by this Mortgage, any other agreement,
        law, equity or otherwise, to include, without limitation, the
        institution of foreclosure proceedings against the Premises
        under the terms of this Mortgage and any applicable state or
        federal law.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PRIOR LIENS**

Mortgagor shall keep the Premises free from all prior liens (except for
those consented to by Mortgagee).

1.  **NOTICE, DEMAND AND REQUEST **

Every provision for notice and demand or request shall be deemed
fulfilled by written notice and demand or request delivered in
accordance with the provisions of the Note relating to notice.

1.  **MEANING OF WORDS **

The words \"Mortgagor\" and \"Mortgagee\" whenever used herein shall
include all individuals, corporations (and if a corporation, its
officers, employees or agents), trusts and any and all other persons or
entities, and the respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto, and all
those holding under either of them. The pronouns used herein shall
include, when appropriate, either gender and both singular and plural.
The word \"Note\" shall also include one or more notes and the
grammatical construction of sentences shall conform thereto.

1.  **SEVERABILITY**

If any provision of this Mortgage or any other Loan Document or the
application thereof shall, for any reason and to any extent, be invalid
or unenforceable, neither the remainder of the instrument in which such
provision is contained, nor the application of the provision to other
persons, entities or circumstances, nor any other instrument referred to
hereinabove shall be affected thereby, but instead shall be enforced to
the maximum extent permitted by law.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

The terms and provisions of this Mortgage are to be governed by the laws
of the State of \[STATE/PROVINVE\]. No payment of interest or in the
nature of interest for any debt secured in part by this Mortgage shall
exceed the maximum amount permitted by law. Any payment in excess of the
maximum amount shall be applied or disbursed as provided in the Note in
regard to such amounts which are paid by the Mortgagor or received by
the Mortgagee.

1.  **DESCRIPTIVE HEADINGS **

The descriptive headings used herein are for convenience of reference
only, and they are not intended to have any effect whatsoever in
determining the rights or obligations of the Mortgagor or Mortgagee and
they shall not be used in the interpretation or construction hereof.

1.  **ATTORNEY\'S FEES **

As used in this Mortgage, attorneys\' fees shall include, but not be
limited to, fees incurred in all matters of collection and enforcement,
construction and interpretation, before, during and after suit, trial,
appeals and Proceedings. Attorneys\' fees shall also include hourly
charges for paralegals, law clerks and other staff members operating
under the supervision of an attorney.

1.  **EXCULPATION **

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Note
which this Mortgage secures is a non-recourse Note and such Note shall
be enforced against Mortgagor only to the extent of Mortgagor\'s
interest in the Premises as described herein and to the extent of
Mortgagor\'s interest in any personality as may be described herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

MORTGAGOR MORTGAGEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
