** MORTGAGE NOTE**

This Mortgage Note (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[MORTGAGOR NAME\] **(the \"Mortgagor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[MORTGAGEE NAME\] **(the \"Mortgagee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Mortgagor jointly and severally
promise(s) to pay to the order of Mortgagee the principal sum of
\[AMOUNT\] together with interest thereon from date at the rate of \[%\]
per annum until maturity, said principal and interest being payable
monthly on the \[DAY\] of each and every month in lawful money of the
\[COUNTRY\] beginning on \[DATE\], in monthly installments of
\[AMOUNT\], and continuing thereafter until \[DATE\], or until said
principal and interest have been paid in full, at \[ADDRESS\], or at
such other place as the holder hereof may designate in writing from time
to time.

1.  **INSTALLMENT PAYMENT**

Each installment payment shall be credited first to the interest then
due, and the remainder to the principal.

1.  **GUARANTY**

This Note with interest is secured by a mortgage on real estate, of even
date herewith, made by the maker hereof in favor of said Mortgagee.

Each maker and endorser severally waives demand, protest and notice of
maturity, non-payment or protest and all requirements necessary to hold
each of them liable as makers and endorsers and, should litigation be
necessary to enforce this note, each maker and endorser waives trial by
jury and consents

to the personal jurisdiction and venue of a court of subject matter
jurisdiction located in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ATTORNEY'S FEES**

Each maker and endorser further agrees, jointly and severally, to pay
all costs of collection, including a reasonable attorney\'s fee in case
the principal of this note or any payment on the principal or any
interest thereon is not paid at the respective maturity thereof, or in
case it becomes necessary to protect the security hereof, whether suit
be brought or not.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This note is to be construed and enforced according to the laws of the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]; upon default in the payment of principal
and/or interest when due, the whole sum of principal and interest
remaining unpaid shall, at the option of the holder, become immediately
due and payable and it shall

accrue interest at the highest rate allowable by law from the date of
default.

1.  **DEFAULT ON PAYMENT**

Default shall include, but not be limited to non-payment of any
respective installment within ten (10) days from the due date set out
herein, or payment dates on three different occasions for any
installments which are in excess of five (5) days subsequent to the due
date therefore set out herein.

1.  **LITIGATION**

Unless specifically disallowed by law, should litigation arise
hereunder, service of process therefor may be obtained through certified
mail, return receipt requested; the parties hereto waiving any and all
rights they may have to object to the method by which service was
perfected.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Lessor and Lessee duly executed this Modification of
Lease Agreement, as of the day and year written above.

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
