# OPTION TO LEASE AGREEMENT

This Option to Lease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LANDLORD NAME\] **(the \"Landlord\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[TENANT NAME\] **(the \"Tenant\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

IN CONSIDERATION OF the sum of \[AMOUNT\] paid by the tenant to the
landlord, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, the landlord
hereby grants to the tenant, its successors, and assigns, the exclusive
option to lease the above mentioned property as per the attached Lease,
upon the following terms and conditions:

1.  **TERM OF OPTION**

This option and all rights and privileges hereunder shall expire the day
of \[DATE\].

1.  **NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF OPTION**

This option is to be exercised by the tenant by written notice delivered
personally or forwarded by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, within the time limited in paragraph 1 to the landlord at the
address first above recited.

1.  **APPLICATION OF OPTION PAYMENT **

In the event that the tenant does not exercise his option as herein
provided, all sums paid on account thereon shall be retained by the
landlord as consideration for this option free of all claims of the
tenant, and neither party shall have any further rights or claims
against the other.

1.  **EFFECT OF EXERCISE OF OPTION **

In the event that the tenant does exercise its option as herein
provided, the sum paid on account of the option shall be applied to the
first month\'s rent, and the terms, covenants, and conditions in the
attached Lease Agreement shall become the contract of the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

LANDLORD TENANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
