**[OPTION TO PURCHASE PROPERTY]{.underline}**

[This Option to Purchase Property (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[SELLER]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Seller\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[BUYER]{.underline}[
NAME\] ]{.underline}**[(the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[This Agreement is entered into upon the basis of the following facts
and intentions of the parties:]{.underline}

A.  [Seller owns that certain real property described in Exhibit A
    hereto (the Property").]{.underline}

B.  [Buyer desires to obtain an option to purchase the Property from
    Seller and Seller is willing to grant such an option to
    Buyer.]{.underline}

[NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as
follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[OPTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[As of the date hereof, the Seller grants to Buyer an option (the
"Option") to purchase the Property from Seller upon all of the terms,
covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth. This option may be
recorded at the election of Buyer.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSIDERATION FOR THE OPTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[As consideration for the Option, Buyer shall pay to Seller the sum of
\[AMOUNT\] on the date hereof. In the event this option is exercised,
all consideration paid for the Option shall be applied against and be
deemed to be a payment upon the purchase price. In the event that Buyer
does not exercise the Option, the consideration paid to Buyer for the
Option may be retained by Seller without deduction or
offset.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM AND EXERCISE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Buyer may exercise the Option at any time up to and until \[DATE\], by
giving Seller written notice of his intention to exercise the
Option.]{.underline}

1.  **[PURCHASE PRICE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The purchase price ("Purchase Price") which Buyer agrees to pay upon
exercise of the Option is \[AMOUNT\] per share, payable in
cash.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERMS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The other terms applicable to the purchase are as follows:
]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE CONDITION OF PROPERTY; TITLE INSURANCE TO BE OBTAINED;
TREATMENT OF DEEDS OF TRUST AND ENCUMBRANCES; WHO PAYS CLOSING COSTS,
ETC.\]]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[The Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer that:]{.underline}

A.  [The Seller has full power and authority to execute and deliver this
    Agreement, and this Agreement is a valid and binding agreement
    enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its
    terms;]{.underline}

B.  [Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the sale of the
    Property will constitute a violation of, or conflict with, or
    default under, any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or
    arrangement to which the Seller is a party or by which Seller is
    bound or of any law, decree, or judgment;]{.underline}

C.  [Now and up to the time of exercise of the Option, the Seller will
    have valid title to the Property, free and clear of all claims,
    liens, charges, encumbrances deeds of trust and security interests
    other than ;]{.underline}

D.  [\[OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS
    APPROPRIATE\].]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[COOPERATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Each party shall, upon request of the other party, promptly execute and
deliver all additional documents reasonably deemed by the requesting
party to be necessary, appropriate or desirable to complete and evidence
the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares pursuant to this
Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[PURCHASE AND SALE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[If Buyer exercises the Option, at a closing (the "Closing"), the Seller
shall sell, transfer and deliver the Property, represented by
appropriate \[identify either warranty deed or quitclaim
deed\].]{.underline}

1.  **[SURVIVAL]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[All representations, warranties and agreements made by the Seller and
by the Buyer in this Agreement shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and any Closing and any investigation at any time made by or
on behalf of any party hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION; ASSIGNMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented
except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed
by the parties hereto. Buyer may assign his rights under this Agreement
with the consent of Seller.]{.underline}

1.  **[SUCCESSORS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by and against the parties hereto and their respective
heirs, beneficiaries, executors, representatives and permitted
assigns.]{.underline}

1.  **[G]{.underline}[OVERNING LAW]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with
respect to its subject matter and supersedes all agreements,
understanding, representations, or warranties, whether oral or written,
by or among the parties, previously or contemporaneously made or
given.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

SELLER BUYER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**
