**PROPERTY MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT**

This Property Management Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[OWNER NAME\] **(the \"Owner\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[AGENT NAME\] **(the \"Agent\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

A.  Owner holds title to the following-described real property:

\[INSERT LEGAL OR OTHER APPROPRIATE DESCRIPTION\], here referred to as
the property.

A.  Agent is experienced in the business of operating and managing real
    estate similar to the above-described property.

B.  Owner desires to engage the services of agent to manage and operate
    the property, and agent desires to provide such services on the
    following terms and conditions.

In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties
agree:

1.  **EMPLOYMENT OF AGENT**

Agent shall act as the exclusive agent of owner to manage, operate and
maintain the property.

1.  **BEST EFFORTS OF AGENT**

On assuming the management and operation of the property, agent shall
thoroughly inspect the property and submit a written report to owner.
The written report shall contain the opinion of agent concerning the
present efficiency under which the property is being managed and
operated, and recommended changes, if necessary, in the management
structure of the property, in the rehabilitation of the property, and
any other matters that will improve the efficient management and
operation of the property. After conferring with owner and obtaining
approval to make any necessary improvements, agent shall undertake
completion of the improvements.

1.  **LEASING OF PROPERTY**

Agent shall make reasonable efforts to lease available space of the
property, and shall be responsible for all negotiations with prospective
tenants. Agent shall also have the right to execute and enter into, on
behalf of owner, month-to-month tenancies of units of the property.
Agent may negotiate all extensions and renewals of such month-to-month
tenancies and leases. Agent shall not, without the prior written consent
of owner, enter into any lease for a term less than \[NUMBER\] months or
more than \[NUMBER\] months. Agent shall have the right to make
concessions, including rental concessions, as inducements to prospective
tenants to occupy the property.

1.  **ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION**

Agent shall advertise vacancies by all reasonable and proper means;
provided, agent shall not incur expenses for advertising in excess of
\[AMOUNT\] during any calendar quarter without the prior written consent
of owner.

1.  **MAINTENANCE, REPAIRS AND OPERATIONS**

Agent shall use its best efforts to insure that the property is
maintained in an attractive condition and in a good state of repair. In
this regard, agent shall use its best skills and efforts to serve the
tenants of the property and shall purchase necessary supplies, make
contracts for, or otherwise furnish, electricity, gas, fuel, water,
telephone, window cleaning, refuse disposal, pest control, and any other
utilities or services required for the operation of the property. Agent
shall make or cause to be made and supervise necessary repairs and
alterations and shall decorate and furnish the property. Expenditures
for repairs, alterations, decorations or furnishings in excess of
\[AMOUNT\] shall not be made without prior written consent of owner,
except in the case of emergency, or if agent in good faith determines
that such expenditures are necessary to protect the property from
damage, to prevent injury to persons or loss of life, or to maintain
services to tenants.

1.  **GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS**

Agent shall manage the property in full compliance with all laws and
regulations of any federal, state, county or municipal authority having
jurisdiction over the property.

1.  **INSURANCE**

    1.  Agent shall obtain the following insurance at the expense of
        owner, and such insurance shall be maintained in force during
        the full term of this agreement:

        1.  Comprehensive public liability property insurance of
            \[AMOUNT\] single limit for bodily injury, death and
            property damage;

        2.  Fire and extended coverage hazard insurance in an amount
            equal to the full replacement cost of the structure and
            other improvements situated on the property; and

        3.  A fidelity bond in the amount of \[AMOUNT\] on each employee
            who handles cash, and workers' compensation and employer
            liability insurance to cover the agents and employees of
            both employer and agent.

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    1.  All of the policies shall name agent and owner as co-insureds as
        their respective interests may appear. Agent shall deliver
        certificates evidencing such insurance coverage to owner within
        \[NUMBER\] days from the issuance and renewal of the policies.
        Owner shall cooperate with agent and any insurer in the making
        and delivery of all reports, notices, and other items required
        in connection with any of the insurance policies.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COLLECTION OF INCOME; INSTITUTION OF LEGAL ACTION**

    1.  Agent shall use its best efforts to collect promptly all rents
        and other income issuing from the property when such amounts
        become due. It is understood that agent does not guarantee the
        collection of rents.

    2.  Agent shall, in the name of owner, execute and serve such
        notices and demands on delinquent tenants as agent may deem
        necessary or proper. Agent, in the name of owners, shall
        institute, settle or compromise any legal action and make use of
        such methods of legal process against a delinquent tenant or the
        property of a delinquent tenant as may be necessary to enforce
        the collection of rent or other sums due from the tenant, to
        enforce any covenants or conditions of any lease or
        month-to-month rental agreement, and to recover possession of
        any part of the property. No other form of legal action will be
        instituted and no settlement, compromise, or adjustment of any
        matters involved therein shall be made without the prior written
        consent of owner, except when agent determines that immediate
        action is necessary.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **BANK ACCOUNTS**

Agent shall deposit (either directly or in a depositary bank for
transmittal) all revenues from the property into the general property
management trust fund of agent, here referred to as the trust account.
Agent shall not commingle any of the above-described revenues with any
funds or other property of agent. From the revenues deposited in the
trust account, agent shall pay all items with respect to the property
for which payment is provided in this agreement, including the
compensation of agent and deposits to the reserve accounts as provided
for in Section Eleven. After such payments agent shall remit any balance
of any monthly revenues to owner concurrently with the delivery of the
monthly report referred to in Section Twelve.

1.  **RESERVE ACCOUNT**

    1.  Agent shall establish a reserve account for the following items:
        taxes, assessments, debt service, insurance premiums, repairs
        (other than normal maintenance), replacement of personal
        property, and refundable deposits. Agent shall use its best
        judgment in transferring adequate funds from the trust account
        to the reserve account in order to pay the above items without
        incurring late pay interest fees, cancellations or forfeitures.
        If the reserve account contains inadequate funds to pay any of
        the above items, agent must obtain approval from owner before
        paying the items directly from the trust account. If owner
        determines that the funds in the reserve account are excessive,
        owner shall direct that agent return such excess funds to the
        trust account. The reserve account shall be maintained in an
        interest-bearing savings account in a national or state bank
        that is a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

    2.  Anything in this agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
        agent shall not be liable for any failure or bankruptcy of any
        bank used as a depository of any funds maintained in the reserve
        account.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **RECORDS AND REPORTS**

    1.  Agent will keep books, accounts and records that reflect all
        revenues and all expenditures incurred in connection with the
        management and operation of the property. The books, accounts
        and records shall be maintained at the principal place of
        business of agent. Agent shall, during regular business hours,
        make the books, accounts and records required to be maintained
        hereunder available to owner or the representatives of owner for
        examination and audit by appointment on no less than \[NUMBER\]
        days' prior notice. All such audits shall be at the expense of
        owner.

    2.  Agent shall furnish owner, no later than the end of the next
        succeeding month, a detailed statement of all revenues and
        expenditures for each preceding month, a summary of all
        concessions and rental concessions given to induce prospective
        tenants to occupy the property, the original copy of all
        invoices, statements, purchase orders and billings received and
        paid during such preceding month, as well as such other
        information relating to the operation or management of the
        property that, in the opinion of agent, requires the attention
        of owner. Owner shall retain for safekeeping and store all
        original invoices, statements, purchase orders, billings and
        other documents delivered by agent with respect to the property.
        Owner, on payment of reasonable costs incurred by it, shall make
        available to agent copies of all or any portion of any invoice,
        statement, purchase order, billing report or other document
        received from agent with respect to the property.

    3.  Within \[NUMBER\] days after the end of each calendar year,
        agent shall prepare and deliver to owner a detailed statement of
        revenues received and expenditures incurred and paid during the
        calendar year that result from operations of the property.
        Within \[NUMBER\] days, following expiration or termination of
        this agreement, agent shall deliver to owner all books, accounts
        and records pertaining to the property.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMPENSATION OF AGENT**

Agent shall receive a management fee equal to \[%\] of the gross
receipts collected from the operation of the property. Gross receipts
are defined as all revenues collected plus refundable deposits. Any
management fee due agent hereunder shall be paid to agent within
\[NUMBER\] days after the end of each month.

1.  **COMMISSIONS FOR NEGOTIATING LEASES OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL
    AGREEMENTS**

Agent shall receive no commissions or additional compensation for
negotiating leases or month-to-month rental agreements with tenants.

1.  **OFFICE SPACE FOR AGENT**

Owner shall allow agent to occupy the office numbered \[NUMBER\], on the
\[NUMBER\] floor of the property, rent-free for the duration of this
agreement. \[ALL EXPENSES OTHER THAN RENT INCURRED BY AGENT IN THE
OCCUPATION AND USE OF THIS OFFICE SPACE SHALL BE BORNE BY AGENT.\]

1.  **ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND RIGHTS OF AGENT**

In addition to the foregoing, agent shall perform all services that are
necessary and proper for the operation and management of the property,
and shall report to owner promptly any conditions concerning the
property that, in the opinion of agent, require the attention of owner.

In order to properly perform the services required by this agreement,
agent is authorized to engage, on behalf of owner, any entity that is an
affiliate of agent, provided that the compensation paid for the services
shall be competitive with nonaffiliated entities providing the same or
similar services.

1.  **TERMINATION AND RENEWAL**

This agreement shall be for a term commencing on \[DATE\], and ending on
\[DATE\]*.* At the termination of this agreement, it shall be renewed
automatically on a month-to-month basis that may be terminated by either
party by giving not less than \[NUMBER\] days' notice in writing to the
other party.

1.  **TERMINATION FOR CAUSE**

If agent breaches any of the terms of this agreement, owner shall give
agent written notice of such breach. If agent fails to remedy the breach
within \[NUMBER\] days after receiving the above-described notice, owner
may terminate this agreement.

1.  **SALE OF PROPERTY**

On the voluntary sale of the property by owner and the delivery of the
deed of conveyance therefor, this agreement shall automatically
terminate. Owner shall notify agent of the sale of the property as soon
as such sale is negotiated.

1.  **CONDEMNATION**

This agreement shall terminate in the event of a total condemnation of
the property. If there is a partial condemnation of the property, this
agreement may be terminated at the option of owner. If such a partial
condemnation of the property reduces the compensation of agent by more
than \[%\], agent may terminate this agreement. Owner shall be entitled
to all consequential damages awarded as a result of any eminent domain
proceeding.

1.  **BANKRUPTCY**

If bankruptcy proceedings, whether voluntary or involuntary, are
commenced against either owner or agent, or if either party enters into
a composition agreement with its creditors, either party may terminate
this agreement by giving \[NUMBER\] days' written notice to the other
party.

1.  **NO PROPERTY INTEREST CREATED**

Nothing contained in this agreement shall be deemed to create or shall
be construed as creating in agent any property interest in or to the
property.

1.  **LICENSING OF AGENT**

Agent shall at all times during the term of this agreement maintain such
licenses and permits as are required for any of the various services to
be performed by agent on behalf of owner.

1.  **RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES**

Agent is an independent contractor and not an employee of owner for any
purpose.

1.  **COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS**

All of the terms and conditions of this agreement are expressly intended
to be construed as covenants as well as conditions.

1.  **NOTICE**

All notices, requests, demands or other communications hereunder shall
be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered
in person, or within \[NUMBER\] days after deposited in the mail,
postage prepaid, certified, with return receipt requested, or otherwise
actually delivered to owner at

\[INSERT COMPLETE MAILING ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE\],

or to agent at

\[INSERT COMPLETE MAILING ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE\]*.*

Either party hereto may change the address at which it receives written
notices by so notifying the other party hereto in writing.

1.  **PARTIES BOUND; ASSIGNMENT**

This agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the
successors and assigns of the parties hereto, and their respective
successors and assigns; provided, however, that this agreement may not
be assigned by agent without prior written consent of owner, or by owner
without prior written consent of agent. Anything in the foregoing to the
contrary notwithstanding, agent may, without the consent of owner,
delegate the performance of (but not responsibility for) any duties and
obligations of agent to any independent contractor or entity.

1.  **EFFECT OF PARTIAL INVALIDITY**

Should any section or any part of any section of this agreement be
rendered void, invalid or unenforceable for any reason by any court of
law exercising competent jurisdiction, such a determination shall not
render void, invalid or unenforceable any other section or any part of
any section in this agreement.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This agreement has been made and entered into in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], and the laws of such state shall govern the validity
and interpretation of this agreement and the performance due hereunder.

1.  **INTEGRATION**

The drafting, execution and delivery of this agreement by the parties
have been induced by no representations, statements, warranties or
agreements other than those expressed in this agreement. This agreement
embodies the entire understanding of the parties, and there are no
further or other agreements or understandings, written or oral, in
effect between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof unless
expressly referred to in this agreement.

1.  **ARBITRATION**

In case of any dispute regarding any terms or performance of the terms
of this agreement, the dispute shall be subject to arbitration in
accordance with the rules and regulations then obtaining under the
\[ASSOCIATION/ORGANIZATION\].

1.  **ATTORNEY FEES**

Should either party bring suit to enforce any of the terms of this
agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover court costs
and reasonable attorney fees.

1.  **MODIFICATION**

This agreement may not be modified unless such modification is in
writing and signed by both parties to this agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
