**REAL ESTATE SALESMAN INDEPENDENT **

**CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT**

This Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[BROKER NAME\] **(the \"Broker\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[SALESMAN NAME\] **(the \"Salesman\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

The Parties recite that:

A.  Broker is duly registered and licensed with the State of
    \[STATE/PROVINCE\] as a real estate broker whose license expires
    \[DATE\].

B.  Salesman is duly registered and licensed with the State of
    \[STATE/PROVINCE\] as a real estate salesman whose license expires
    \[DATE\].

In consideration of the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties
agree as follows:

1.  **STATEMENT OF EMPLOYMENT **

Effective as of the date of this Agreement, Broker employs Salesman as a
real estate salesman.

1.  **DUTIES OF SALESMAN **

Salesman will carry on the customary activities of a real estate
salesman, including, but not necessarily limited to, the showing of
parcels of real estate on which Broker has listings, thesale of such
property in accordance with the terms of the listings, the solicitation
of new listings, and such other services pertaining to the real estate
business as Broker may require of him. Salesman shall devote his entire
time and attention to such duties and shall use his best efforts with
regard to all of such duties.

1.  **COMMISSIONS ON SALES **

Broker shall pay to Salesman a commission equal to \[%\] percent of the
total commission received by Broker, on sales made by Salesman and
completed during the effective period of this Agreement. Furthermore,
during the effective period of this Agreement, Broker will advance to
Salesman against commissions to be earned the sum of \[AMOUNT\] per
month, provided that Salesman may elect to draw commissions as earned.

1.  **DURATION OF AGREEMENT; TERMINATION **

The term of this Agreement shall be for \[NUMBER\] years, commencing on
the date of this Agreement. Either party may terminate this Agreement by
\[NUMBER\] days\' written notice to the other party. If, on termination
of this Agreement, Broker has advanced to Salesman against commissions
to be earned a sum of commissions actually earned by Salesman, Salesman
will promptly refund the amount of the excess advances.

1.  **ACCESS TO LISTINGS AND OTHER INFORMATION **

Broker will give Salesman access to its confidential files pertaining to
listings of property, prospects for the sale of such property, and other
related matters. Broker shall also furnish Salesman personal contacts
with persons interested in selling or buying such property, and shall
generally aid Salesman in every way possible with respect to such sales
and Salesman\'s duties hereunder.

1.  **LOYALTY TO BROKER\'S INTEREST **

Salesman will not during the term of this Agreement be engaged in any
other business activity, whether or not pursued for gain, profit, or
other pecuniary advantage, provided, however, that Salesman may invest
his assets in such form or manner as will not require his expenditure of
any undue amount of time.

1.  **NONDISCLOSURE OF TRADE SECRETS **

Salesman recognizes and acknowledges that the information that will be
furnished to him concerning Broker\'s customers, listings, holdings,
investments, transactions, and other confidential matters constitutes a
valuable, special, and unique asset and trade secret of Broker\'s
business. Accordingly, Salesman will not, during or after the term of
his employment hereunder, disclose any such information or any part
thereof to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity
for any reason or purpose whatsoever.

1.  **WRITTEN CONTRACT AS CONSTITUTING ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Agreement constitutes the entire contract and agreement between
parties, and there are no verbal understandings or other agreements of
any nature with respect to the subject matter hereof except those
contained in this Agreement.

1.  **BINDING EFFECT **

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
respective heirs, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, through
and under the laws of the state of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ATTORNEYS\' FEES **

In the event of any legal or equitable action, including any appeals,
which may arise hereunder between or among the parties hereto, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover a reasonable attorneys\'
fee. Attorneys\' fees shall also include hourly charges for paralegals,
law clerks and other staff members operating under the supervision of an
attorney.

1.  **SEVERANCE **

The invalidity or unenforceability of any portion of this Agreement
shall not affect the remaining provisions and portions hereof.

1.  **HEADINGS **

The paragraph headings contained herein are for convenience of reference
only and are not to be used in the construction or interpretation
hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

BROKER SALESMAN

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
