**[SUB]{.underline}[LEASE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Sublease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[SUBLESSOR]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Sublessor\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[SUBLESSEE]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Sublessee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

# [RECITALS]{.underline}

[In consideration of the covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth
to be kept and performed by the parties hereto, Sublessor, hereby
subleases to Sublessee and Sublessee does hereby take, lease, and hire
from Sublessor the Leased Premises hereinafter described for the period,
and at the rental, subject to, and upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth, as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES]{.underline}**

    a.  [Lessee has leased a building consisting of \[NUMBER\] floors
        and approximately \[NUMBER\] square feet of office space from
        \[NAME\], lessor, of \[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\],
        \[STATE\].]{.underline}

    b.  [Lessee shall demise to sublessee the \[NUMBER\] square feet of
        the building, all located on the \[\#\] floor, as more fully
        described in Exhibit A, which is attached to and made a part of
        this sublease agreement.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[TERM OF SUBLEASE]{.underline}**

    a.  [The term of this sublease agreement shall be for an initial
        period of \[NUMBER\] years, commencing on \[DATE\], and
        terminating on \[DATE\], unless earlier terminated by breach of
        the terms and conditions of this Sublease
        Agreement.]{.underline}

    b.  [Lessor concurs that sublessee may remain in possession of the
        demised premises for the full term of this sublease agreement,
        despite any change that may occur in the status of lessee or the
        lease agreement between lessee and lessor.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[ACCEPTANCE OF LEASED PREMISES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Sublessee's occupancy of the Leased Premises shall be conclusive
evidence of Sublessee\'s acceptance of all improvements constituting the
Leased Premises, in good and satisfactory condition and repair.
Sublessee shall accept possession and use of the Leased Premises "as is"
in their condition existing as of the date hereof with all faults.
Sublessee, at Sublessee's sole cost and expense, shall promptly comply
with all applicable laws, ordinances, codes, rules, orders, directions
and regulations of governmental authority governing and regulating the
use or occupancy of the Leased Premises as may now or hereafter be in
effect during the Term hereof and shall if so required make any
alterations, additions or changes to the Leased Premises as may be
required by said laws, ordinances, codes, rules, directions and
regulations.]{.underline}

1.  **[HOLDING OVER]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Any holding over of the Leased Premises by Sublessee after the
expiration of the Term hereof shall only be with the written consent of
Sublessor first had and obtained and shall be construed to be a tenancy
from month to month at a rental per month, or portion thereof, in an
amount equal to \[%\] of the rent due Sublessor for the month
immediately preceding such holding over, and shall otherwise be on the
same terms, conditions and covenants herein specified.]{.underline}

1.  **[SUBLEASE TERMINATION AND CONDITION OF PREMISES]{.underline}**[
    ]{.underline}

[Upon the termination of this Sublease for any reason whatsoever,
Sublessee shall return possession of the Leased Premises to Sublessor or
Sublessor's authorized agent in a good, clean and safe condition,
reasonable wear and tear excepted. On or before, and in any event no
later than \[NUMBER\] days following the date Sublessee vacates the
Leased Premises and returns possession of same to Sublessor, Sublessee
and Sublessor, or authorized agents thereof, shall conduct a joint
inspection of the Leased Premises. Sublessee at its cost shall
thereafter promptly repair or correct any defects or deficiencies in the
condition of the Leased Premises, reasonable wear and tear
excepted.]{.underline}

1.  **[RENT]{.underline}**

[Sublessee shall pay to lessee as basic rent \[AMOUNT\] per month, on
the \[DAY\] of each month, commencing on \[DATE\], and continuing each
month thereafter during the term of this sublease agreement. Sublessee
shall pay all other sums due as additional rental under the provisions
of this sublease agreement on the basic rental payment due date first
occurring after the additional rental payment arises.]{.underline}

1.  **[PAYMENT OF ]{.underline}[RENT]{.underline}**

[Sublessee hereby covenants and agrees to pay rent to Sublessor, without
offset or deduction of any kind whatsoever, in the form and at the times
as herein specified. All rent shall be paid to Sublessor at the address
specified in this Sublease unless and until Sublessee is otherwise
notified in writing. Base Minimum Rent payments in the monthly amount
set forth below shall be payable monthly, in advance, due on the first
(1st) day of each calendar month commencing on the Commencement Date
hereof and delinquent if not paid on or before the third (3rd) day of
the month throughout the Term of this Sublease. Rent for any period
which is for less than one month shall be a pro rata portion of the
monthly installment. The required payments under Article 6 and all other
charges payable by Sublessee shall be deemed to be additional
rent.]{.underline}

1.  **[DELINQUENT PAYMENTS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[In the event Sublessee shall fail to pay the rent or any installment
thereof, or any other fees, costs, taxes or expenses payable under this
Sublease within \[NUMBER\] days after the said payment has become due,
Sublessee agrees that Sublessor will incur additional costs and expenses
in the form of extra collection efforts, administrative time, handling
costs, and potential impairment of credit on loans for which this
Sublease may be a security. Both parties agree that in such event,
Sublessor, in addition to its other remedies shall be entitled to
recover a late payment charge against Sublessee equal to \[%\] of the
amount not paid within said \[NUMBER\] day period. Additionally, any
past due amounts under this Sublease shall bear interest at the rate of
the lesser of \[%\] per month or the maximum rate permitted by
applicable law. Sublessee further agrees to pay Sublessor any cost
incurred by Sublessor in effecting the collection of such past due
amount, including but not limited to attorneys\' fees and/or collection
agency fees. Sublessor shall have the right to require Sublessee to pay
monies due in the form of a cashier\'s check or money order. Nothing
herein contained shall limit any other remedy of Sublessor with respect
to such payment delinquency.]{.underline}

1.  **[SECURITY DEPOSIT]{.underline}**

[On execution of this Sublease, Sublessee shall deposit with Sublessor a
sum equal to \[AMOUNT\] (the "Security Deposit") in order to provide
security for the performance by Sublessee of the provisions of this
Sublease. If Sublessee is in default, Sublessor may, but shall not be
obligated to use the Security Deposit, or any portion of it, to cure the
default or to compensate Sublessor for damage sustained by Sublessor
resulting from Sublessee\'s default. Sublessee shall immediately on
demand pay to Sublessor a sum equal to the portion of the Security
Deposit expended or applied by Sublessor as provided in this paragraph
so as to maintain the Security Deposit in the sum initially deposited
with Sublessor. At the expiration or termination of this Sublease,
Sublessor shall return the Security Deposit to Sublessee or its
successor, less such amounts as are reasonably necessary to remedy
Sublessee\'s defaults, to repair damages the Leased Premises caused by
Sublessee or to clean the Leased Premises upon such termination, as soon
as practicable thereafter. In the event of the sale or other conveyance
of the Leased Premises, the Security Deposit will be transferred to the
purchaser or transferee and the Sublessor will be relieved of any
liability with reference to such Security Deposit. Sublessor shall not
be required to keep the Security Deposit separate from its other funds,
and (unless otherwise required by law) Sublessee shall not be entitled
to interest on the Security Deposit.]{.underline}

1.  **[USE OF PREMISES]{.underline}**

    a.  **[Permitted Use]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ The Leased
        Premises are to be used by Sublessee for the sole purpose of
        \[DESCRIBE\] and for no other purpose whatsoever. Sublessee
        shall not use or occupy the Leased Premises or permit the same
        to be used or occupied for any use, purpose or business other
        than as provided in this Section a) during the Term of this
        Sublease or any extension thereof.]{.underline}

    b.  **[Prohibited Activities]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ During
        the Term of Sublease or any extension thereof, Sublessee shall
        not:]{.underline}

        i.  [Use or permit the Leased Premises to be used for any
            purpose in violation of any statute, ordinance, rule, order,
            or regulation of any governmental authority regulating the
            use or occupancy of the Leased Premises.]{.underline}

        ii. [Cause or permit any waste in or on the Leased
            Premises.]{.underline}

        iii. [Use or permit the use of the Leased Premises in any manner
             that will tend to create a nuisance or tend to adversely
             affect or injure the reputation of Sublessor or its
             affiliates.]{.underline}

        iv. [Allow any activity to be conducted on the premises or store
            any material on the Leased Premises which will increase
            premiums for or violate the terms of any insurance policy(s)
            maintained by or for the benefit of Sublessor.]{.underline}

        v.  [Store any explosive, radioactive, dangerous, hazardous or
            toxic materials in or about the Leased
            Premises.]{.underline}

        vi. [Use or allow the Leased Premises to be used for sleeping
            quarters, dwelling rooms or for any unlawful
            purpose.]{.underline}

        vii. [Build any fences, walls, barricades or other obstructions;
             or, install any radio, television, phonograph, antennae,
             loud speakers, sound amplifiers, or similar devices on the
             roof, exterior walls or in the windows of the Leased
             Premises, or make any changes to the interior or exterior
             of the Leased Premises without Sublessor\'s prior written
             consent.]{.underline}

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    a.  **[Operational Permit]{.underline}[s:]{.underline}**[ Sublessee,
        prior to the Commencement Date, shall obtain and thereafter
        continuously maintain in full force and effect for the Term of
        this Sublease or any extension thereof, at no cost or expense to
        Sublessor, any and all approvals, licenses, or permits required
        by any lawful authority as of the Commencement Date or imposed
        thereafter, for the use of Leased Premises, including but not
        limited to business licenses.]{.underline}

    b.  **[Compliance With Laws]{.underline}[: ]{.underline}**[Sublessee
        shall comply with all federal, state, county, municipal, or
        other statutes, laws, ordinances, regulations, rules, or orders
        of any governmental or quasi-governmental entity, body, agency,
        commission, board, or official applicable to the Leased Premises
        and Sublessee's business.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[UTILITIES AND TAXES]{.underline}**

    a.  **[Utility Charges]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Sublessee
        shall be responsible for and shall pay, and indemnify and hold
        Sublessor and the property of Sublessor free and harmless from,
        all charges for the furnishing of gas, water, electricity,
        telephone service, and other public utilities to the Leased
        Premises during the Term of this Sublease or any extension
        thereof and for the removal of garbage and rubbish from the
        Leased Premises during the Term of this Sublease or any
        extension thereof. Sublessor shall not be liable in damages or
        otherwise for any failure or interruption of any utility service
        being furnished to the Leased Premises and no such failure or
        interruption shall entitle Sublessee to terminate this
        Sublease.]{.underline}

    b.  **[Personal Property Taxes]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[
        Sublessee shall be responsible for and shall pay before they
        become delinquent all taxes, assessments, or other charges
        levied or imposed by any governmental entity on the equipment,
        trade fixtures, appliances, merchandise and other personal
        property situated in, on, or about the Leased Premises
        including, without limiting the generality of the other terms of
        this Section, any shelves, counters, vault doors, wall safes,
        partitions, fixtures, machinery, or office equipment on the
        Leased Premises, whether put there prior to or after the
        Commencement Date of this Sublease.]{.underline}

    c.  **[Real Property Taxes and
        Assessment]{.underline}[s:]{.underline}*[ ]{.underline}***[
        Sublessee shall pay directly to the charging authority all taxes
        (as hereinafter defined) respecting the Leased Premises.
        Sublessee shall pay all taxes on or before \[NUMBER\] days prior
        to delinquency thereof. Sublessee shall promptly after payment
        of any taxes deliver to Sublessor written receipts or other
        satisfactory evidence of the payment thereof. As used herein,
        "taxes" shall mean all taxes, assessments, fees, charges,
        levies, and penalties (if such penalties result from Sublessee's
        delinquency in paying all or any taxes), of any kind and nature,
        general and special, ordinary and extraordinary, unforeseen as
        well as foreseen (including, without limitation, all
        installments of principal and interest required to pay any
        general or special assessments for public improvements) now or
        hereafter imposed by any authority having the direct or indirect
        power to tax, including, without limitation the federal
        government, and any state, county, city, or other governmental
        or quasi-governmental authority, and any improvement or
        assessment district or other agency or division thereof, whether
        such tax is:]{.underline}

        i.  [levied or assessed against or with respect to the value,
            occupancy, or use of all or any portion of the Leased
            Premises (as now constructed or as may at any time hereafter
            be constructed, altered, or otherwise changed), or any legal
            or equitable interest of Sublessor in the Leased Premises or
            any part thereof; or]{.underline}

        ii. [levied or assessed against or with respect to Sublessor\'s
            business of leasing the Leased Premises, or with respect to
            the operation of the Leased Premises; or]{.underline}

        iii. [determined by the area of the Leased Premises or any part
             thereof, or by the gross receipts, income, or rent and
             other sums payable hereunder by Sublessee (including,
             without limitation, any gross income or excise tax levied
             with respect to receipt of such rent and/or other sums due
             under this Sublease); or]{.underline}

        iv. [imposed upon this transaction or any document to which
            Sublessee is a party creating or transferring any interest
            in the Leased Premises; or]{.underline}

        v.  [imposed during the term of this Sublease or any extension
            thereof because of a change in ownership of the Leased
            Premises which results in an increase of real property
            taxes; or]{.underline}

        vi. [any tax or excise, however described, imposed (whether by
            reason of a change in the method of taxation or assessment,
            creation of a new tax or charge, or any other cause) in
            addition to, in substitution partially or totally of, or as
            an alternate to, any tax previously included within the
            definition of taxes, or any tax the nature of which was
            previously included in the definition of taxes, whether or
            not now customary or within the contemplation of the
            parties.]{.underline}

[Taxes shall also include all charges, levies or fees imposed by reason
of environmental regulation or other governmental control of the Leased
Premises, and all costs and expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees paid
or incurred by Sublessor in connection with:]{.underline}

[(1) any proceeding to contest in whole or in part the imposition or
collection of any taxes; ]{.underline}

[(2) negotiation with public authorities as to any taxes.]{.underline}

a.  **[Tax Delinquency]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Failure of
    Sublessee to pay promptly when due any of the charges required to be
    paid under this Article shall constitute a default under the terms
    hereof in like manner as a failure to pay rental when due, and if
    Sublessor shall elect to pursue an unlawful detainer action upon
    said default, then Sublessor shall be entitled to claim as an amount
    of additional rent owed for purposes of said unlawful detainer the
    amount of such taxes due and payable by Sublessee.]{.underline}

b.  **[All Other Charges]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Sublessee shall
    pay to Sublessor any and all charges, fees, taxes, and other amounts
    due from Sublessor to the master lessor of the Leased Premises prior
    to its due date, for sums due or owing on or after the date of this
    Sublease.]{.underline}

c.  **[Common Area Maintenance Charges]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[
    Sublessee shall be responsible for, and shall pay to Sublessor on
    demand, any and all costs, fees, charges, assessments, expenses or
    payments for which Sublessor is obligated or liable under the Master
    Lease with respect to the operation, maintenance and repair of
    common area of the Leased Premises. "Common area" shall include,
    without limitation, those areas in or about the property of which
    the Leased Premises are a part, which have been set aside for the
    general use, convenience and benefit of the occupants of the
    property and their customers and employees, including, without
    limitation, the automobile parking areas, sidewalks, landscaped
    areas and other areas for pedestrian and vehicular use.]{.underline}

[To the extent Sublessor pays estimated amounts for such common area
expenses, Sublessee shall pay such amounts to Sublessor on demand from
Sublessor and shall be entitled to reimbursements and/or offsets against
future common area expenses as such reimbursements or offsets are
received by Sublessor.]{.underline}

a.  **[Title to Alterations]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Unless
    Sublessor requires the removal thereof, any alterations which may be
    made on the Leased Premises, shall upon installation or construction
    thereof on the Leased Premises become the property of Sublessor and
    shall remain upon and be surrendered with the Leased Premises at the
    expiration or sooner termination of the term of this Sublease.
    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all heating,
    lighting, electrical (including all wiring, conduits, main and
    subpanels), air conditioning, partitioning, drapery, and carpet
    installations made by Sublessee, regardless of how affixed to the
    Leased Premises, together with all other alterations that have
    become a part of the Leased Premises, shall be and become the
    property of Sublessor upon installation, and shall not be deemed
    trade fixtures, and shall remain upon and be surrendered with the
    Leased Premises at the expiration or sooner termination of this
    Sublease.]{.underline}

b.  **[Removal of Alterations]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ In addition
    to Sublessor\'s right to require Sublessee at the time of
    installation or construction of any alteration to remove the same
    upon expiration or sooner termination of this Sublease, Sublessor
    may elect, by notice to Sublessee at least \[NUMBER\] days before
    expiration of the Term hereof, or within \[NUMBER\] days after
    sooner termination hereof, to acquire Sublessee to remove any
    alterations that Sublessee has made to the Leased Premises. If
    Sublessor so elects, Sublessee shall, at its sole expense, upon
    expiration of the Term hereof, or within \[NUMBER\] days after any
    sooner termination hereof, remove such alterations, repair any
    damage occasioned thereby, and restore the Leased Premises to the
    condition existing as of the Commencement Date or such other
    condition as may reasonably be designated by Sublessor in its
    election.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **[Workers\' Compensation Insurance]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[
    During the term of this Sublease, Sublessee shall comply with all
    Workers\' Compensation laws applicable on the date hereof or enacted
    thereafter and shall maintain in full force and effect a Workers'
    Compensation Insurance policy covering all employees in any way
    connected with the business conducted by Sublessee pursuant to this
    Sublease and shall pay all premiums, contributions, taxes and such
    other costs and expenses as are required to be paid incident to such
    insurance coverage, all at no cost to Sublessor.]{.underline}

b.  **[Policy Form]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ The policies of
    insurance required to be secured and maintained under this Sublease
    shall be issued by good, responsible companies, qualified to do
    business in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with a general policy
    holders' rating of at least "A". Executed copies of such policies of
    insurance or certificates thereof shall be delivered to Sublessor
    and to the Master Lessor under the Master Lease not later than
    \[NUMBER\] days prior to the commencement of business operations of
    Sublessee at the Leased Premises and thereafter, executed copies of
    renewal policies of insurance or certificates thereof shall be
    delivered to Sublessor within \[NUMBER\] days prior to the
    expiration of the term of each such policy. All such policies of
    insurance shall contain a provision that the insurance company
    writing such policy(s) shall give Sublessor at least \[NUMBER\]
    days\' written notice in advance of any cancellation or lapse, or
    the effective date of any reduction in the amounts or other material
    changes in the provisions of such insurance. All policies of
    insurance required under this Sublease shall be written as primary
    coverage and shall list the Master Lessor under the Master Lease and
    the Sublessor as loss payees and as additional insureds. If
    Sublessee fails to procure or maintain in force any insurance as
    required by this Section or to furnish the certified copies or
    certificates thereof required hereunder, Sublessor may, in addition
    to all other remedies it may have, procure such insurance and/or
    certified copies or certificates, and Sublessee shall promptly
    reimburse Sublessor for all premiums and other costs incurred in
    connection therewith.]{.underline}

c.  **[Waiver of Subrogation]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Sublessee
    agrees that in the event of loss or damage due to any of the perils
    for which it has agreed to provide insurance, Sublessee hereby
    waives any and all claims that it might otherwise have against
    Sublessor with respect to any risk insured against to the extent of
    any proceeds realized from the insurance coverage to compensate for
    a loss. To the extent permitted by applicable insurance policies
    without voiding coverage, Sublessee hereby releases and relieves
    Sublessor, and waives its entire right of recovery against Sublessor
    for loss or damage arising out of or incident to the perils insured
    against to the extent of insurance proceeds realized for such loss
    or damage, which perils occur in, on or about the Leased Premises
    and regardless of the cause or origin, specifically including the
    negligence of Sublessor or its agents, employees, contractors and/or
    invitees. Sublessee shall to the extent such insurance endorsement
    is available, obtain for the benefit of Sublessor a waiver of any
    right of subrogation which the insurer of such party might otherwise
    acquire against Sublessor by virtue of the payment of any loss
    covered by such insurance and shall give notice to the insurance
    carrier or carriers that the foregoing waiver of subrogation is
    contained in this Sublease.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[SIGNS AND TRADE FIXTURES]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **[Signs]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Subject to any and all
    requirements now or hereinafter enacted by any municipal, county, or
    state regulatory agency having jurisdiction thereover and subject to
    Sublessor's written consent, Sublessee may erect at Sublessee\'s
    cost, a sign on the Leased Premises identifying the Leased Premises.
    Sublessee shall maintain, at Sublessee\'s sole cost and expense,
    said sign.]{.underline}

b.  **[Removal of Signs and Trade
    Fixtures]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ In addition to Sublessor's
    right to require Sublessee at the time of installation of any sign
    or trade fixtures to remove the same upon expiration or sooner
    termination of this Sublease, Sublessor may elect, by notice to
    Sublessee at least \[NUMBER\] days before expiration of the Term
    hereof, or within \[NUMBER\] days after sooner termination hereof,
    to require Sublessee to remove any sign or trade fixture owned by
    Sublessee. If Sublessor so elects, Sublessee shall at its sole cost
    ant expense, upon expiration of the Term hereof, or within
    \[NUMBER\] days after any sooner termination hereof, remove such
    sign or trade fixture owned by Sublessee. If Sublessor so elects,
    Sublessee shall, at its sole cost and expense, upon expiration of
    the Term hereof, or within \[NUMBER\] days after any sooner
    termination hereof, remove such sign or trade fixture, repair any
    damage occasioned thereby, and restore the Leased Premises to the
    condition existing as of the Commencement Date or such other
    condition as may reasonably be designated by Sublessor in its
    election.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[CONDEMNATION AND DESTRUCTION]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  [Base Minimum Rent to be paid by Sublessee to Sublessor pursuant to
    the terms of this Sublease shall, after the date of taking, be
    reduced by an amount that bears the same ratio to the Base Minimum
    Rent specified in this Sublease as the square footage of the actual
    floor area of the Leased Premises taken under the power of eminent
    domain bears to the total square footage of floor area of the Leased
    Premises as of the date of this Sublease; and]{.underline}

ii. [Except to the extent the Master Lessor under the Master Lease is so
    obligated, Sublessee, at Sublessee\'s own cost and expense shall
    remodel and reconstruct the building remaining on the portion of the
    Leased Premises not taken by eminent domain into a single efficient
    architectural unit in accordance with plans mutually approved by the
    parties hereto as soon after the date of taking, or before, as can
    be reasonably done.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **[Condemnation Award]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Should, during
    the Term of this Sublease or any renewal or extension thereof, title
    and possession of all or any portion of the Leased Premises be taken
    under the power of eminent domain by any public or quasi-public
    agency or entity, the compensation or damages for the taking awarded
    shall belong to and be the sole property of the
    Sublessor.]{.underline}

b.  **[Destruction]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ (a) In the event the
    Leased Premises are damaged or destroyed and the total costs and
    expenses for repairing or reconstructing the Leased Premises exceeds
    the sum of \[AMOUNT\], Sublessor, at Sublessor\'s option,
    may:]{.underline}

    i.  [Continue this Sublease in full force and effect by restoring,
        repairing or rebuilding the Leased Premises at Sublessor\'s own
        cost and expense or through insurance coverage; or]{.underline}

    ii. [Terminate this Sublease by serving written notice of such
        termination on Sublessee no later than \[NUMBER\] days following
        such casualty, in which event this Sublease shall be deemed to
        have been terminated on the date of such casualty.]{.underline}

    iii. [In the event the Leased Premises are damaged or destroyed and
         Sublessee will not be able to operate any business thereon for
         \[NUMBER\] consecutive days, Sublessee, at Sublessee\'s option,
         may terminate this Sublease by serving written notice of such
         termination on Sublessor no later than \[NUMBER\] days
         following such casualty, in which event this Sublease shall be
         deemed terminated on the date of such casualty; provided,
         however, that such termination right shall not be applicable
         unless Sublessor has a similar termination right under the
         Master Lease.]{.underline}

    iv. [Should Sublessor or the Master Lessor under the Master Lease
        elect to repair and restore the Leased Premises to their former
        condition following partial or full destruction of the Leased
        Premises:]{.underline}

        1.  [Sublessee shall not be entitled to any damages for any loss
            or inconvenience sustained by Sublessee by reason of the
            making of such repairs and restoration.]{.underline}

        2.  [Sublessor and such Master Lessor shall have full right to
            enter upon and have access to the Leased Premises, or any
            portion thereof, as may be reasonably necessary to enable
            such parties promptly and efficiently to carry out the work
            of repair and restoration.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **[Damage by Sublessee]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Sublessee
    shall be responsible for and shall pay to Sublessor any and all
    losses, damages, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to
    attorney\'s fees, resulting from any casualty loss caused by the
    negligence or wilful misconduct of Sublessee or its employees,
    agents, contractors, or invitees.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[SUBLEASING, ASSIGNMENT, DEFAULT AND TERMINATION]{.underline}**

    a.  **[Subleasing and Assignment]{.underline}[:
        ]{.underline}**[Sublessee shall not sell, assign, hypothecate,
        pledge or otherwise transfer this Sublease, or any interest
        therein, either voluntarily, involuntarily, or by operation of
        law, and shall not sublet the Leased Premises, or any part
        thereof, or any right or privilege appurtenant thereto, for any
        reason whatsoever, or permit the occupancy thereof by any
        person, persons, or entity through or under it, or grant a
        security interest in Sublessee\'s interest in the Leased
        Premises or this Sublease or any fixtures located on the Leased
        Premises, without the prior written consent of Sublessor first
        had and obtained, which may be given or withheld in the
        Sublessor's sole and absolute discretion. For the purpose of
        this Section, any dissolution, merger, consolidation or other
        reorganization of Sublessee, or any change or changes in the
        stock ownership of Sublessee, which aggregates \[%\] or more of
        the capital stock of Sublessee shall be deemed to be an
        assignment of this Sublease. Sublessee shall not mortgage,
        hypothecate or encumber this Sublease. Sublessor\'s consent to
        one assignment, subletting, occupancy, or use by any other
        person, entity or entities shall not relieve Sublessee from any
        obligation under this Sublease and shall not be deemed to be a
        consent to any subsequent assignment, subletting, occupancy or
        use. Any assignment, pledge, subletting, occupancy or use
        without Sublessor\'s written consent shall be void and shall, at
        the option of the Sublessor, terminate this
        Sublease.]{.underline}

[Should this Sublease be assigned, or should the Leased Premises or any
part thereof be sublet or occupied by any person or persons other than
the original Sublessee hereunder, Sublessor may collect rent from the
assignee, sublessee or occupant and apply the net amount collected to
the rent herein reserved, but no such assignment, subletting, occupancy
or collection of rent shall be deemed a consent to such assignment,
subletting or occupancy or a waiver of any term of this Sublease, nor
shall it be deemed acceptance of the assignee, sublessee or occupant as
a tenant, or a release of Sublessee from the full performance by
Sublessee of all the terms, provisions, conditions and covenants of this
Sublease.]{.underline}

[In the event Sublessee wishes to assign this Sublease or sublet or
allow the use of the Leased Premises or any part thereof, Sublessee
shall give Sublessor not less than \[NUMBER\] days written notice
thereof and shall, in such notice, provide the name of the proposed
assignee or sublessee, its proposed use of the Leased Premises, its
background, such financial and credit information as Sublessor may
require to determine the business experience, financial stability and
creditworthiness of the proposed assignee or sublessee, and such
additional information as Sublessor may request. Sublessee shall also
pay Sublessor a one-time administrative fee of \[AMOUNT\] to reimburse
Sublessor for its costs of reviewing, analyzing and processing the
request for consent to assignment or subletting.]{.underline}

[In addition to its right to consent or refuse to consent to a proposed
assignment Sublessor shall have the option, exercisable by written
notice to Sublessee within the \[NUMBER\] days after Sublessee gives
Sublessor written notice of its desire to assign the Sublease, to
terminate this Sublease with respect to the entire Leased Premises upon
a date specified in said notice to Sublessee not less than \[NUMBER\]
days nor more than \[NUMBER\] days after the date of said notice and
retake the Leased Premises for its own use. If Sublessor exercises such
option, Sublessee shall nonetheless have the right, exercisable by
notice given to Sublessor within \[NUMBER\] days after Sublessor\'s
notice of exercise is given, to withdraw the proposed assignment from
consideration, in which event the exercise of Sublessor\'s option shall
be of no force or effect and, except for the payment of the fee provided
for in Subsection (c) above, the assignment shall be deemed not to have
been proposed. If Sublessor does not elect to exercise its option to
terminate this Lease and consents to the assignment or sublease, said
assignee or sublessee shall pay directly to Sublessor all rent or other
consideration payable by the assignee or sublessee in excess of the
amount of rent or other consideration payable by Sublessee to Sublessor
hereunder (whether denominated as rent or otherwise) and shall expressly
assume Sublessee\'s obligations hereunder.]{.underline}

[As a condition to Sublessor\'s consent to an assignment or subletting,
Sublessor shall be entitled to receive (i) in the case of a subletting,
\[%\] of all rent (however denominated and paid) payable by the
subtenant to Sublessee in excess of that payable by Sublessee to
Sublessor pursuant to the other provisions of this Sublease, and (ii) in
the case of an assignment, \[%\] of all consideration given, directly or
indirectly, by the assignee to Sublessee in connection with such
assignment. For purposes of this paragraph, the term "rent" shall mean
and include all consideration paid or given, directly or indirectly, for
the use of the Leased Premises or any portion thereof, and the term
"consideration" shall mean and include money, services, property or any
other thing of value such as payment of costs, cancellation of
indebtedness, discounts, rebates and the like. Any rent or other
consideration which is to be passed through to Sublessor pursuant to
this paragraph shall be paid to Sublessor promptly upon receipt by
Sublessee and shall be paid in cash, regardless of the form in which
received by Sublessee. In the event any rent or other consideration
received by Sublessee is in a form other than cash, Sublessee shall pay
to Sublessor in cash the fair value of Sublessor\'s portion of such
consideration.]{.underline}

a.  **[Sublessor\'s Remedies for Sublessee\'s
    Default]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Upon the occurrence of any
    event of default described in Section 10.02 hereof, Sublessor may,
    at its option and without any further demand or notice, in addition
    to any other remedy or right given hereunder or by law, do any of
    the following:]{.underline}

    i.  [Sublessor may terminate Sublessee\'s right to possession of the
        Leased Premises by giving written notice to Sublessee. If
        Sublessor gives such written notice, then on the date specified
        in such notice, this Sublease and Sublessee\'s right of
        possession shall terminate. No act by Sublessor other than
        giving such written notice to Sublessee shall terminate this
        Sublease. Acts of maintenance, efforts to relet the Leased
        Premises, or the appointment of a receiver on Sublessor\'s
        initiative to protect Sublessor\'s interest under this Sublease
        shall not constitute a termination of Sublessee\'s right to
        possession. On termination, Sublessor has the right to recover
        from Sublessee:]{.underline}

        1.  [The worth at the time of the award of the unpaid rent and
            other charges that had been earned or owed to Sublessor at
            the time of termination of this Sublease;]{.underline}

        2.  [The worth at the time of the award of the amount by
            which (a) the unpaid rent and other charges that would have
            been earned or owed to Sublessor after the date of
            termination of this Sublease until the time of award
            exceeds (b) the amount of such rental loss that Sublessee
            proves could have been reasonably avoided;]{.underline}

        3.  [The worth at the time of the award of the amount by
            which (a) the unpaid rent and other charges for the balance
            of the term after the time of award exceeds (b) the amount
            of such rental loss that Sublessee proves could have been
            reasonably avoided; and]{.underline}

        4.  [Any other amount necessary to compensate Sublessor for all
            the detriment caused by Sublessee\'s failure to perform its
            obligations under this Sublease or which in the ordinary
            course of things would be likely to result therefrom,
            including without limitation any costs or expenses incurred
            by Sublessor in recovering possession of the Leased
            Premises, maintaining or preserving the Leased Premises
            after such default, preparing the Leased Premises for
            reletting to a new tenant, or any repairs or alterations to
            the Leased Premises for such reletting, and all leasing
            commissions, reasonable attorney\'s fees, architect\'s fees
            and any other costs incurred by Sublessor to relet the
            Leased Premises or to adapt them to another beneficial use.
            Sublessee shall also indemnify, defend and hold Sublessor
            harmless from all claims, demands, actions, liabilities and
            expenses (including but not limited to reasonable
            attorney\'s fees and costs) arising prior to the termination
            of this Sublease or arising out of Sublessee\'s use or
            occupancy of the Leased Premises.]{.underline}

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    i.  [Sublessor may, in any lawful manner, re-enter and take
        possession of the Leased Premises without terminating this
        Sublease or otherwise relieving Sublessee of any obligation
        hereunder. Sublessor is hereby authorized, but not obligated
        (except to the extent required by law), to relet the Leased
        Premises or any part thereof on behalf of the Sublessee, to use
        the premises for its or its affiliates\' account, to incur such
        expenses as may be reasonably necessary to relet the Leased
        Premises, and relet the Leased Premises for such term, upon such
        conditions and at such rental as Sublessor in its sole
        discretion may determine. Until the Leased Premises are relet by
        Sublessor, if at all, Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor all
        amounts required to be paid by Sublessee hereunder. If Sublessor
        relets the Leased Premises or any portion thereof, such
        reletting shall not relieve Sublessee of any obligation
        hereunder, except that Sublessor shall apply the rent or other
        proceeds actually collected by it as a result of such reletting
        against any amounts due from Sublessee hereunder to the extent
        that such rent or other proceeds compensate Sublessor for the
        non-performance of any obligation of Sublessee hereunder. Such
        payments by Sublessee shall be due at such times as are provided
        elsewhere in this Sublease, and Sublessor need not wait until
        the termination of this Sublease, by expiration of the term
        hereof or otherwise, to recover them by legal action or in any
        other manner. Sublessor may execute any lease made pursuant
        hereto in its own name, and the tenant thereunder shall be under
        no obligation to see to the application by Sublessor of any rent
        or other proceeds by Sublessor, nor shall Sublessee have any
        right to collect any such rent or other proceeds. Sublessor
        shall not by any re-entry or other act be deemed to have
        accepted any surrender by Sublessee of the Leased Premises or
        Sublessee\'s interest therein, or be deemed to have otherwise
        terminated this Sublease, or to have relieved Sublessee of any
        obligation hereunder, unless Sublessor shall have given
        Sublessee express written notice of Sublessor\'s election to do
        so as set forth herein.]{.underline}

    ii. [Even though Sublessee has breached this Sublease and may have
        abandoned or vacated the Leased Premises, this Sublease shall
        continue in effect for so long as Sublessor does not terminate
        Sublessee\'s right to possession, and Sublessor may enforce all
        its rights and remedies under this Sublease, including the right
        to recover the rent and other charges as they become due under
        this Lease.]{.underline}

    iii. [In the event any personal property of Sublessee remains at the
         Leased Premises after Sublessee has vacated, it shall be dealt
         with in accordance with the statutory procedures provided by
         applicable law dealing with the disposition of personal
         property of Sublessee remaining on the Leased Premises after
         Sublessee has vacated.]{.underline}

    iv. [Sublessor may exercise any right or remedy reserved to the
        Master Lessor under the Master Lease (each of which rights and
        remedies are hereby incorporated herein), and any other remedy
        or right now or hereafter available to a landlord against a
        defaulting tenant under applicable law or the equitable powers
        of its courts, whether or not otherwise specifically reserved
        herein.]{.underline}

    v.  [Sublessor shall be under no obligation to observe or perform
        any provision, term, covenant, agreement or condition of this
        Sublease on its part to be observed or performed which accrues
        after the date of any default by Sublessee
        hereunder.]{.underline}

    vi. [Any legal action by Sublessor to enforce any obligation of
        Sublessee or in the pursuance of any remedy hereunder shall be
        deemed timely filed if commenced at any time prior to \[NUMBER\]
        year after the expiration of the term hereof or prior to
        \[NUMBER\] years after the cause of action accrues, whichever
        period expires later.]{.underline}

    vii. [In any action of unlawful detainer commenced by Sublessor
         against Sublessee by reason of any default hereunder, the
         reasonable rental value of the Leased Premises for the period
         of the unlawful detainer shall be deemed to be the amount of
         rent and additional charges reserved in this Sublease for such
         period.]{.underline}

    viii. [Sublessee hereby waives any right of redemption or relief
          from forfeiture under any present or future law, if Sublessee
          is evicted or Sublessor takes possession of the Leased
          Premises by reason of any default by Sublessee
          hereunder.]{.underline}

    ix. [No delay or omission of Sublessor to exercise any right or
        remedy shall be construed as a waiver of any such right or
        remedy or of any default by Sublessee hereunder.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **[Receiver]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ Upon the occurrence of
    any event of default as defined in Article 16 b) hereof or in any
    action instituted by Sublessor against Sublessee to take possession
    of the Leased Premises and/or to collect Base Minimum Rent, or any
    other charge due hereunder, a receiver may be appointed at the
    request of Sublessor to collect such rents and profits, to conduct
    the business of Sublessee then being carried on in the Leased
    Premises and to take possession of any property belonging to
    Sublessee and used in the conduct of such business and use the same
    in conducting such business on the Leased Premises without
    compensation to Sublessee for such use. Neither the application nor
    the appointment of such receiver shall be construed as an election
    on the Sublessor's part to terminate this Sublease unless written
    notice of such intention is given by Sublessor to
    Sublessee.]{.underline}

b.  **[Attorneys\' Fees]{.underline}[:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[If
    as a result of any breach or default in the performance of any of
    the provisions of this Sublease, Sublessor uses the services of an
    attorney in order to secure compliance with such provisions or
    recover damages therefor, or to terminate this Sublease or evict
    Sublessee, Sublessee shall reimburse Sublessor upon demand for any
    and all attorneys\' fees and expenses so incurred by Sublessor,
    including without the limitation appraisers\' and expert witness
    fees; provided that if Sublessee shall be the prevailing party in
    any legal action brought by Sublessor against Sublessee, Sublessee
    shall be entitled to recover the fees of its attorneys in such
    amount as the court may adjudge reasonable. Sublessee shall advance
    to Sublessor any and all attorneys\' fees and expenses to be
    incurred or incurred by Sublessor in connection with any
    modifications to this Sublease proposed by Sublessee, any proposed
    assignment of this Sublease by Sublessee or any proposed subletting
    of the Leased Premises by Sublessee.]{.underline}

c.  **[Cumulative Remedies; No Waiver]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[ The
    specified remedies to which Sublessor may resort under the terms
    hereof are cumulative and are not intended to be exclusive of any
    other remedy or means of redress to which Sublessor may be lawfully
    entitled in case of any breach or threatened breach by Sublessee of
    any provision hereof. If for any reason Sublessor fails or neglects
    to take advantage of any of the terms of this Sublease providing for
    termination or other remedy, any such failure of Sublessor shall not
    be deemed to be a waiver of any default of any of the provisions,
    terms, covenants, agreements or conditions of this Sublease. The
    waiver by Sublessor of any breach of any term, condition or covenant
    herein contained shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any
    subsequent breach of the same or any other term, condition or
    covenant herein contained. None of the provisions, terms, covenants,
    agreements or conditions hereof can be waived except by the express
    written consent of Sublessor. Subsequent acceptance of rent
    hereunder by Sublessor shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any
    preceding breach by Sublessee of any provision, term, covenant,
    agreement or condition of this Sublease other than the failure of
    Sublessee to pay the particular rental accepted, regardless of
    Sublessor's knowledge of such preceding breach at the time of
    acceptance of such rent.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[ESTOPPEL]{.underline}**

[At any time and from time to time, upon request in writing from
Sublessor, Sublessee agrees to execute, acknowledge, and deliver to
Sublessor a statement in writing within \[NUMBER\] days of request,
certifying that this Sublease is unmodified and in full force and effect
(or, if there have been modifications, stating the modifications), the
commencement and termination dates, the Base Minimum Rent, the other
charges payable hereunder the dates to which the same have been paid,
and such other items as Sublessor may reasonably request. It is
understood and agreed that any such statement may be relied upon by any
mortgagee, beneficiary, or grantee of any security or other interest, or
any assignee of any thereof, under any mortgage or deed of trust now or
hereafter made covering any leasehold interest in the Leased Premises,
and any prospective purchaser of the Leased Premises.]{.underline}

1.  **[FORCE MAJEURE ]{.underline}[--]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}[UNAVOIDABLE DELAYS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Should the performance of any act required by this Sublease to be
performed by either Sublessor or Sublessee be prevented or delayed by
reason of an act of God, war, civil commotion, fire, flood, or other
like casualty, strike, lockout, labor troubles, inability to secure
materials, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, unusually
severe weather, or any other cause, except financial inability, not the
fault of the party required to perform the act, the time for performance
of the act will be extended for a period equivalent to the period of
delay and performance of the act during the period of delay will be
excused; provided, however, that nothing contained in this section shall
excuse the prompt payment of rent or other monies due by Sublessee as
required by this Sublease or the performance of any act rendered
difficult solely because of the financial condition of the party,
Sublessor or Sublessee, required to perform the act.]{.underline}

1.  **[NOTICES]{.underline}**

[Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, any and all notices or
other communications required or permitted by this Sublease or by law to
be served on or given to either party hereto by the other party hereto
shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly served and given when
personally delivered to the party, Sublessor or Sublessee, to whom it is
directed or any managing employee of such party, or, in lieu of such
personal service, \[NUMBER\] hours after deposit in the United States
mail, certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, or when
transmitted by telecopy or facsimile addressed to the parties as set
forth on the signature page hereof. Either party, Sublessor or
Sublessee, may change the addresses herein contained for purposes of
this Section by giving written notice of the change to the other party
in the manner provided in this Section.]{.underline}

1.  **[AMENDMENTS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[No amendment, change or modification of this Sublease shall be valid
and binding unless such is contained in a written instrument executed by
the parties hereto and which instrument expresses the specific intention
of the parties to amend, change or modify this Sublease.]{.underline}

1.  **[ACCORD AND SATISFACTION]{.underline}**

[No payment by Sublessee or receipt by Sublessor of a lesser amount than
the monthly rent herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on
account of the stipulated rent earliest in time, nor shall any
endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying any
check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction and
Sublessor may accept such check or payment without prejudice to
Sublessor\'s right to recover the balance of such rent or pursue any
other remedy provided in this Sublease or by law.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO AGENCY CREATED]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Nothing contained in this Sublease shall be deemed or construed by the
parties hereto or by any third party to create the relationship of
principal and agent, or of partnership, or of joint venture, or of any
association whatsoever between Sublessor and Sublessee other than
sublessor and sublessee.]{.underline}

1.  **[BROKERAGE COMMISSION]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Sublessee represents that neither it nor any of its affiliates has
engaged the services of any real estate broker, finder, or any other
person or entity in connection with this lease transaction and therefore
should Sublessee be found to be in violation of such representation,
Sublessee shall indemnify Sublessor against any and all claims for
brokerage commissions or finders fees in connection with this
transaction, and to indemnify, defend and hold Sublessor free and
harmless from all liabilities arising from any such claim, including
without limitation, attorneys' fees in connection
therewith.]{.underline}

1.  **[SOLE AND ONLY AGREEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This instrument constitutes the sole and only agreement between
Sublessor and Sublessee respecting the Leased Premises or the leasing of
the Leased Premises to Sublessee. Sublessor shall have no obligations to
Sublessee, whether express or implied, other than those specifically set
forth in this Sublease.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY AND GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Sublease shall be governed by the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Whenever possible each provision of this Sublease
shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Sublease shall be
prohibited, void, invalid, or unenforceable under applicable law, such
provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition,
invalidity, voidability, or enforceability without invalidating the
remainder of such, or the remaining provisions of this
Sublease.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSTRUCTION AND HEADINGS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[All references herein in the singular shall be construed to include the
plural, and the masculine, and the masculine to include the feminine or
neuter gender, where applicable, and where the context shall require.
Section headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not be
construed as part of this Sublease nor shall they limit or define the
meaning of any provision herein. The provisions of this Sublease shall
be construed as to their fair meaning, and not strictly for or against
Sublessor or Sublessee.]{.underline}

1.  **[EFFECT OF EXECUTION]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The submission of this Sublease for examination shall not effect any
obligation on the part of the submitting or examining party and this
Sublease shall become effective only upon the complete execution thereof
by both Sublessor and Sublessee.]{.underline}

1.  **[INUREMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Sublessor shall have the full and unencumbered right to assign this
Sublease. The covenants, agreements, restrictions, and limitations
contained herein shall also be binding on Sublessee\'s permitted
successors and assigns.]{.underline}

1.  **[TIME OF ESSENCE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Time is expressly declared to be of the essence.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO LIGHT, AIR OR VIEW EASEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Any diminution or shutting off of light, air or view by any structure
which may be erected on lands adjacent to the Leased Premises shall in
no way affect this Sublease or impose any liability on
Sublessor.]{.underline}

1.  **[TRIPLE NET LEASE]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[It is the purpose and intent of Sublessor and Sublessee that this
Sublease be deemed and construed to be a "triple net lease" so that
Sublessor shall receive all rentals and other sums specified hereunder
during the term of this Sublease, free from any and all charges, costs,
assessments, expenses, deductions and/or set-offs of any kind or nature
whatsoever, and Sublessor shall not be expected or required to pay any
such charge, assessment or expense, or be under any obligation or
liability hereunder, except as herein expressly set forth. All charges,
costs, expenses and obligations of any nature relating to the repair,
restoration, alteration, maintenance and operation of the Leased
Premises shall be paid by Sublessee, except as otherwise herein
expressly set forth, and Sublessor shall be indemnified and held
harmless by Sublessee from and against such charges, costs, expenses and
obligations.]{.underline}

1.  **[AUTHORITY]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Each individual executing this Sublease on behalf of Sublessee and the
Sublessee (if Sublessee is a corporation or other entity) does hereby
covenant and warrant that (i) Sublessee is a duly authorized and validly
existing entity, (ii) Sublessee has and is qualified to do business in
California, (iii) the entity has full right and authority to enter into
this Sublease, and (iv) each person executing this Sublease on behalf of
the entity was authorized to do so.]{.underline}

1.  **[SURVIVAL]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[All obligations of Sublessee under this Sublease, including without
limitation the obligations to pay Base Minimum Rent, shall survive the
expiration or termination of this Sublease.]{.underline}

1.  **[WAIVER]{.underline}**

[Sublessee hereby waives any rights it may have under the provisions of
\[LAW OR CODE\], if applicable, and any similar statutes regarding
repair of the Leased Premises or termination of this Sublease after
destruction of all or any part of the Leased Premises.]{.underline}

1.  **[RECORDATION]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Sublessee shall not record this Sublease or a short form memorandum
hereof without the prior written consent of the Sublessor.]{.underline}

1.  **[TRANSFER OF MASTER LEASE]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[In the event of any assignment or transfer of the Master Lease by
Sublessor to any other party or entity, Sublessor shall be and is hereby
entirely freed and relieved of all liability under any and all of its
covenants and obligations contained in or derived from this Sublease
arising out of any act, occurrence or omission occurring after the
consummation of such assignment or transfer; and the assignee or such
transferee shall be deemed, without any further agreement between
parties or their successors in interest or between the parties and any
such assignee or transferee, to have assumed and agreed to carry out any
and all of the covenants and obligations of the Sublessor under this
Sublease. Sublessee hereby agrees to attorn to any such assignee or
trustee. Sublessee agrees to execute any and all documents deemed
necessary or appropriate by Sublessor to evidence the
foregoing.]{.underline}

1.  **[SUBORDINATION, ATTORNMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Without the necessity of any additional document being executed by
Sublessee for the purpose of effecting a subordination, this Sublease
shall in all respects be subject and subordinate at all times to the
lien of any mortgage or deed of trust which may now exist or hereafter
be executed in any amount for which the Leased Premises or Sublessor\'s
interest or estate is specified as security. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Sublessor shall have the right to subordinate or cause to be
subordinated any lien or encumbrance to this Sublease. In the event that
any mortgage or deed of trust is foreclosed or a conveyance in lieu of
foreclosure is made for any reason, Sublessee shall, notwithstanding any
subordination, attorn to and become the sublessee of the successor in
interest to Sublessor, at the option of such successor in interest.
Sublessee covenants and agrees to execute and deliver, upon demand by
Sublessor and in the form requested by Sublessor, any additional
documents evidencing the priority or subordination of this
Sublease.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO MERGER]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The voluntary or other surrender of this Sublease by Sublessee, or a
mutual cancellation hereof, shall not work a merger, and shall, at the
option of Sublessor, terminate all or any existing subleases or
subtenancies or may, at the option of Sublessor, operate as an
assignment to Sublessor of any or all such subleases or
subtenancies.]{.underline}

1.  **[RIGHT OF SUBLESSOR TO PERFORM]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[All terms, covenants and conditions of this Sublease to be performed or
observed by Sublessee shall be performed or observed by Sublessee at its
sole cost and expense and without any reduction of rent of any nature
payable hereunder. If Sublessee shall fail to pay any sum of money,
other than rent required to be paid by it hereunder or shall fail to
perform any other term or covenant hereunder on its part to be
performed, Sublessor, without waiving or releasing Sublessee from any
obligation of Sublessee hereunder, may, but shall not be obligated to,
make any such payment or perform any such other term or covenant on
Sublessee\'s part to be performed. All sums so paid by Sublessor and all
necessary costs of such performance by Sublessor, together with interest
thereon from the date of payment at the rate eighteen percent (18%) or
the highest rate permissible by law, whichever is less, shall be paid,
and Sublessee covenants to make such payment, to Sublessor on demand,
and Sublessor shall have, in addition to any over right or remedy of
Sublessor, the same rights and remedies in the event of nonpayment
thereof by Sublessee as in the case of failure in the payment of rent
hereunder.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION FOR LENDER]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[If, in connection with obtaining any type of financing, Sublessor's
lender shall request reasonable modifications to this Sublease as a
condition to such financing, Sublessee shall not unreasonably withhold,
delay or defer its consent thereto, provided such modifications do not
materially adversely affect Sublessee\'s rights hereunder.]{.underline}

1.  **[SUBLESSOR]{.underline}[']{.underline}[S PERSONAL
    LIABILITY]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The liability of Sublessor to Sublessee for any default by Sublessor
under the terms of this Sublease shall be limited to the interest of
Sublessor in the Leased Premises and Sublessee agrees to look solely to
Sublessor\'s interest in the Leased Premises for the recovery of any
judgment from Sublessor, it being intended that Sublessor shall not be
personally liable for any judgment or deficiency.]{.underline}

1.  **[BREACH BY LANDLORD]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Sublessor shall not be deemed to be in breach in the performance of any
obligation required to be performed by it hereunder unless and until it
has failed to perform such obligation within \[NUMBER\] days after
written notice by Sublessee to Sublessor specifying wherein Sublessor
has failed to perform such obligation; provided, however, that if the
nature of Sublessor\'s obligation is such that more than \[NUMBER\] are
required for its performance then Sublessor shall not be deemed to be in
breech if it shall commence such performance within such \[NUMBER\] day
period and thereafter diligently prosecute the same to completion. In
any event, Sublessee must bring an action for breach of this Sublease
within \[NUMBER\] year of Sublessor's breach or be deemed to have waived
the breach and not harmed thereby.]{.underline}

1.  **[SURVIVAL OF INDEMNITIES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The obligations of the indemnifying party under each and every
indemnification and hold harmless provision contained in this Sublease
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Sublease to
and until the last to occur of (a) the last date permitted by law for
bringing of any claim or action with respect to which indemnification
may be claimed by the indemnified party against the indemnifying party
under such provision or (b) the date on which any claim or action for
which indemnification may be claimed under such provision is fully and
finally resolved and, if applicable, any compromise thereof or judgment
or award thereon is paid in full by the indemnifying party and the
indemnified party is reimbursed by the indemnifying party for any
amounts paid by the indemnified party in compromise thereof or upon a
judgment or award thereon and in defense of such action or claim,
including attorneys' fees incurred.]{.underline}

1.  **[OPTION TO RENEW]{.underline}**

[Subject to the receipt by lessee of an extension of the original lease
agreement for a sufficient duration to include this renewal, at any time
before the commencement of the last calendar month of the first term of
this sublease agreement, sublessee is granted the option and privilege
of extending and renewing the term of this sublease agreement for an
additional \[NUMBER\]-year period at an annual rental to be agreed on or
arbitrated as provided in this sublease agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[MEANING OF CONSENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Whenever an act or provision contained in this Sublease is conditioned
upon the consent or approval of Sublessor, this shall be interpreted to
mean, unless otherwise specified to the contrary, that the Sublessor has
the full unconditional right and sole discretion as to whether or not to
give its consent, which may only be given in writing.]{.underline}

1.  **QUIET ENJOYMENT**

[If sublessee performs the terms of this sublease agreement, lessee will
warrant and defend sublessee in the enjoyment and peaceful possession of
the demised premises during the term of this sublease agreement without
any interruption by lessee or lessor or either of them or any person
rightfully claiming under either of them.]{.underline}

1.  **[MASTER LEASE]{.underline}**

[Notwithstanding anything in this Sublease to the contrary, the rights
of Sublessee shall be subject to the terms and conditions contained in
the lease ("Master Lease") between Sublessor and the owner of the Leased
Premises (the "Master Lessor\'\'), as it may be amended from time to
time. Sublessee shall assume and perform and comply with the obligations
of the lessee under the Master Lease to the same extent as if references
to the Sublessor therein were references to Sublessee (all of which
obligations are hereby incorporated herein), including, without
limitation, the payment of any and all costs, expenses, charges, fees,
taxes, payments or other monetary obligations (except for minimum rent
and percentage rent) for which Sublessor is liable or responsible under
the Master Lease, as such costs, expenses, charges, fees, taxes, payment
or other monetary obligations come due. Sublessee shall not commit or
permit to be committed on the Leased Premises any act or omission which
shall violate any term or condition of the Master Lease. Notwithstanding
anything in this Sublease to the contrary, the effectiveness of this
Sublease shall be conditioned upon Sublessor obtaining the written
consent of the Master Lessor (if such consent is required under the
Master Lease), in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessor, within
ten (10) days of the date hereof. If the Master Lease terminates for any
reason, this Sublease shall terminate coincidentally therewith without
any liability of Sublessor to Sublessee.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

[SUBLESSOR SUBLESSEE]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}[A]{.underline}**

**[TO SUBLEASE]{.underline}**

**[DESCRIPTION OF LEASED PREMISES]{.underline}**
