Child Support Payments, Violation Notice

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

The purpose of this letter is to remind you of the child support
provisions in our divorce decree. According to the divorce decree, child
support payments must be made by the \_\_ day of each month. To date,
you have not complied with these child support provisions.

The obligations regarding child support are independent of the
visitation rights and you have retained all such rights.

If I have not heard from you by \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date) to commit to
prompt child support payments, as ordered by the court, I will be
compelled to go into court and have you held in contempt. Spending more
time and money on this will not be to anyone's benefit. .

I hope this letter will help soften your judgment and permit court
ordered support payments to happen as required by law.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Non-Custodial parent

cc Attachment Court Authority for the above statements

Child Support Payments, Violation Notice

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a Sales letter. You
could just go into court and get the other party held in contempt,
period. The non-custodial parent knows they are in violation of the
court order but are not making payments for a variety of reasons.

If you wish to write them, then work to soften their judgment rather
than further attack them and drive them into a corner. If you believe a
letter will not work, just go to court. They hear these matters every
day and act in favor of the custodial parent in most cases with regards
to payments. In most instances the court will order wage attachments and
the like to enforce your rights to child support.

If the non-custodial parent is having legitimate problems making
payments due to unemployment or other matters, you can elect to accept
partial payments which will not effect the total payments due under the
agreement unless you waive them. If the non-custodial parent has
legitimate payment problems, the court will still generally side with
you in any pressure you wish to bring upon the other party. However, if
your children are visiting that non-custodial parent, they will, at
best, not appreciate that pressure being brought against the other
parent---and that can have a lasting impact on your relationship with
them.

These matters are never easy to decide. Keep in mind that no one ever
wins one of these battles so try to minimize the negative fall out to
you and your children.
