Child Visitation Rights, Violation Notice

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

The purpose of this letter is to remind you of the visitation provisions
in our divorce decree. According to the divorce decree, visitation was
granted as follows: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
To date, you have not complied with these child visitation provisions.

The obligations regarding child visitation are independent of the
obligation to provide child support

It is important support the court's efforts to separate the children and
visitation issues, from the other issues we may have with our former
marriage.

If I have not heard from you by \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date) to commit to
child visitation rights as ordered by the court, I will be compelled to
go into court and have you held in contempt.

Spending more time and money on this will not be to anyone's benefit.
However, they are my children as well as yours, so I will take this step
if forced to by your non-compliance.

I hope this letter will help soften your judgment and permit court
ordered child visitations to happen as required by law.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Non-Custodial parent

cc Attachment Court Authority for the above statements

Child Visitation Rights, Violation Notice

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a Sales letter. You
could just go into court and get the other party held in contempt,
period. The custodial parent knows they are in violation of the court
order but must have a sense they are either "above" the court or have a
"higher crusading" cause to justify their illegal behavior.

If you wish to write them, then work to soften their judgment rather
than further attack them and drive them into a corner. If you believe a
letter will not work, just go to court. They hear these matters every
day and act in favor of the non-custodial parent in most cases with
regards to visitation rights.

If you are the non-custodial parent and are having problems making
payments, and the custodial parent is using the children as a weapon,
you should consider going promptly to court to soften their judgment
about you so that when the subject of payments comes up at a later date
you have this provocation on your side. All of this is sad, ugly, and
painful. But, we can only provide the strategic and tactical advice, and
wish you the best of luck.

No matter which side you are on, remember that no one wins one of these
things---and the children always lose with this form of contention.
