Divorce General Release

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Husband") of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

("Wife") of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
entered into a divorce and Separation Agreement that provided for
various financial payments between the parties and covered all financial
aspects of their marriage and divorce settlement.

Husband and Wife now agree that they completely and absolutely
discharged their individual and collective obligations under that
Agreement in full to each other and to any children involved in the
Agreement and hereby offer a general and final mutual release and hold
harmless Agreement to the other.

As a final declaration, Husband and Wife hereby release each other and
hold each other harmless for all obligations of any kind prior to
today's date. It is the absolute and final intent of Husband and Wife
that they hereinafter have no financial obligations of any kind between
themselves and never expect to have any in the future.

Any changes to this agreement must be in writing and signed by both
parties. Any disputes must be brought in the state of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

In witness hereof, each party has signed this General Release.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Husband Wife

Date:

Divorce General Release

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document and
assist you in its preparation. Although this document is not strictly
required after the financial arrangements have been completed in a
divorce, it is an extremely efficient instrument to summarize the
completion of the transaction and experience. It particularly serves to
tie up any loose ends on the subject relating to Estate Planning for the
parties.

It also puts the former payer's mind to rest that the deal is finally
"done." Having said that, however, the receiver of the money is
sometimes reluctant to "let go" of the club the divorce agreement gave
them. This reluctance, if seen by the other party, can serve to alert
them that, despite the documents and the completion of them, it isn't
"over" yet---and they can be rightfully vigilant with regard to any new
problems arising relating to the old agreement and relationship.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to both parties so they each have an
    original. After signature, make copies and keep them with all copies
    of your Estate Plan and/or Will, as well as with the Divorce file
    itself.

2.  To the payer, best of luck in getting this document signed!
