**ASSIGNMENT OF REAL ESTATE **

**CONTRACT AND SALE AGREEMENT**

This Assigment of Real Estate Contract and Sale Agreement (the
"Agreement") is effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LESSOR NAME\]** (the \"Lessor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[LESSEE NAME\]** (the \"Lessee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, Assignor has entered into a certain Real Estate Purchase and
Sale Agreement with \[NAME\] as \"Seller\" and Assignor as \"Buyer\"
which Agreement was executed on \[DATE\], by said Assignor and on
\[DATE\], by said Seller for the purchase and sale of certain real
property being, lying and situate in \[CITY, STATE/PROVINCE\], and more
particularly described in said Agreement, copy of said Agreement being
attached hereto as Exhibit \"A\"; and,

WHEREAS, Assignor desires to assign, transfer, sell and convey to
Assignee all of Assignor\'s right, title and interest in, to and under
said Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement; and,

WHEREAS, Assignee is desirous of receiving all of Assignor\'s right,
title andinterest in, to and under said Real Estate Purchase and Sale
Agreement;

**TERMS**

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the sum of \[AMOUNT\]and
other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency
ofwhich are hereby acknowledged, Assignor has assigned, transferred,
sold and conveyed and by these presents does hereby assign, transfer,
sell and convey unto Assignee all of Assignor\'s right, title and
interest in, to and under said Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement.
Assignee hereby assumes all of Assignor\'s duties and obligations under
said Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement. This Assignment shall be
binding upon Assignor and shall inure to the benefit of Assignee and its
successors, heirs and assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Assignment has been signed, sealed and delivered
by Assignor and Assignee as of the day and year first above written.

ASSIGNOR ASSIGNEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[REAL ESTATE PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**
