**ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE BY LESSEE **

**WITH CONSENT OF LESSOR**

This Assignment of Lease (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[ASSIGNOR NAME\]** (the \"Assignor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[ASSIGNEE NAME\]** (the \"Assignee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE**

For value received, Assignor assigns and transfers to Assignee that
lease, dated \[DATE\], executed by assignor as lessee and by \[NAME\] as
lessor, of the following described premises:

\[DESCRIBE\]

together with all his right, title, and interest in and to the lease and
premises, subject to all the conditions and terms contained in the
lease, to have and to hold from \[DATE\], until the present term of the
lease expires on \[DATE\].

A copy of the lease is attached hereto and made a part hereof by
reference.

1.  **ASSIGNOR WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATION**

Assignor covenants that he is the lawful and sole owner of the interest
assigned hereunder; that this interest is free from all encumbrances;
and that he has performed all duties and obligations and made all
payments required under the terms and conditions of the lease.

Assignee agrees to pay all rent due after the effective date of this
assignment, and to assume and perform all duties and obligations
required by the terms of the lease.

1.  **CONSENT OF LESSOR**

The Lessor, named in the above assignment of that lease executed on
\[DATE\], wishes to consent to this Assignment. The Lessor also consents
to the agreement by Assignee to assume after \[DATE\], the payment of
rent and performance of all duties and obligations as set forth in the
lease, and releases Assignor from all duties and obligations under the
lease, including the payment of rent, after \[DATE\], and accept
Assignee as lessee in the place of Assignor.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

The assignment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties, and their successors and assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor has executed this Assignment on the day
and year first above written.

ASSIGNOR ASSIGNEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

LESSOR

Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title
