**ASSIGNMENT OF WEB SITE CREATOR**

This Assigment of Web Site Creator (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[AUTHOR NAME\]** (the \"Author\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[ASSIGNEE NAME\]** (the \"Assignee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **RECITALS**

The Author represents and warrants that it is the owner of the copyright
in the work described as:

\[DESCRIBE\]

a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A" (the \"Authored
Work\") and that the Author has registered the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright
Office and that the Authored Work was assigned \[COPYRIGHT REGISTRATION
NO\].

The Author represents and warrants that the Authored Work was created
solely by the Author without the involvement of any other party and that
the Author has the all right, title and interest in and to the Authored
Work and full an unrestricted power and authority to assign the rights
in and to the Authored Work as provided in this Agreement.

1.  **TERMS**

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, Author hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably transfers, conveys and assigns to Assignee all rights,
title, and interest in and to the copyright in the Authored Work
together with all of the exclusive rights granted to the owner of a
Copyright under the \[COUNTRY\] copyright laws, including but not
limited to the unlimited and unrestricted right to reproduce, publish,
adapt, modify, distribute, create derivative works based on the Authored
Work, publicly display, publicly, and to transmit the Authored Work
digitally or by any other means.

Upon written request by Assignee, Author shall execute any additional
documents that may be required to confirm this Agreement and to
establish Assignee\'s ownership of the copyright in the Authored Work
and the assignment made in this document.

The Author understands and agrees that following this Agreement that the
Assignee will be the exclusive owner in and to the Authored Work and as
such the Author will not be permitted to use the Authored Work or
perform any acts with respect to the Authored Work that will violate the
Assignee's exclusive rights as the true and lawful owner of the
copyright in and to the Authored Work.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

AUTHOR ASSIGNEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[THE AUTHORED WORK]{.underline}**
