**CHECKLIST**

**ISSUES FOR WEB SITE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS**

Not all items are relevant in all contractual situations. Since many
emerging companies (and bigger ones, too) contract out the development
of their Web sites to third-party developers, we have included a basic
and general guide as to what provisions it may be important to include,
or at least consider, in a Web site development agreement. In some
situations, other provisions may be appropriate that are not listed
below. This document is not intended to substitute for legal advice nor
legal wording provided by a competent advisor in the relevant legal
jurisdiction.

-   **Title of contract**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Identity of the parties**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Individuals or business entities

-   If businesses, what type? (partnership, corporation, LLC, etc.)

-   Name of person signing on behalf of the business

-   Signer's official title. Does he or she have authority to bind the
    business?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Addresses of the parties**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Ownership and intellectual property issues**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The Web site developer is an independent contractor performing a
    \"work for hire\" service under the Copyright Act.

-   All screens, graphics, domain names, content and the look-and-feel
    of the site developed shall be owned solely by the company, together
    with all underlying software, object code, digital programming,
    source code and the like.

-   Whether the developer retains rights to use any materials or
    software it gains from its creation of the Web site.

-   All intellectual property developed in connection with the site will
    be owned solely by the company.

-   The developer, in developing the site, will not infringe or violate
    the copyright and other intellectual property rights of third
    parties.

-   If the developer is bundling or using any prior intellectual
    property that it owns and of which it wishes to keep ownership, the
    company will receive a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide
    royalty-free transferable license to the same.

-   Which party is responsible for securing various rights, licenses,
    clearances and other permissions related to works, graphics or other
    copyrighted materials to be used or otherwise incorporated in the
    Web site.

-   A copyright notice will be displayed on designated parts of the
    company\'s site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Compensation **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Fixed up front payment to the developing party?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Development fee, plus "license fee"

-   One time up front payment.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Percentage of advertising revenues, of sales made through the Web
    site?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   A timetable and budget for completion of the site, including
    specific payment milestones as progress is made on site development.

-   A mechanism allowing for change orders by the company regarding the
    specifications for the site, without the change orders resulting in
    exorbitant additional costs or delays.

-   The developer will provide timely documentation and source codes for
    all software associated with the site.

-   The developer will train employees of the company to use and
    maintain the software associated with the site, both initially and
    at the time of each upgrade; the number of business days and the
    location of the training can be specified.

-   The developer assumes responsibility for transferring the site to
    the company\'s server and (if applicable) agrees to oversee the
    site\'s installation on that server.

-   The developer provides alternative interface designs for the company
    to review and decide upon.

-   A commitment by the developer to a period of joint beta testing of
    the site and a subsequent \"acceptance testing\" period during which
    the company may evaluate the site on its premises to make sure the
    site functions as anticipated and in accordance with the agreement.

-   The company will have the right to reject the site if it does not
    meet designated specifications, and the company has certain options
    regarding corrections at the time of a rejection.

-   A copyright notice will be displayed on each page of the company\'s
    site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Functionality of the site**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Use by the developer of the most current technology in development
    of the site.

-   The maximum download time for any Web page.

-   User option for a lowâ€‘graphics version of the site in order to
    minimize download time.

-   Compatible with the latest versions of Internet browser software

-   The number of users that will be able to simultaneously access the
    site, as well as response time for user requests.

-   How the site will be properly integrated with the company\'s
    intranet or other data server structure.

-   Additions, corrections or modifications to the site can be made by
    the company without interference with site operations.

-   Security safeguards, procedures and firewalls that the site must
    contain.

-   The expected functionality of online credit verification and
    acceptance procedures.

-   The scope and procedure for the company being able to easily access,
    record and compile information about the site\'s users and
    customers.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Problems and corrective measures**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Any bugs and failed links, including maximum time for correction.

-   The revision of the site to comply with the functionality
    specifications.

-   Any particular warranties or disclaimers by the developer.

-   The developer agrees to ensure that any software for the site is
    free of any viruses or disabling devices.

-   The rights of the company to terminate the agreement and the
    liability of the developer upon such termination.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Covenants of the developer**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The developer will, if requested by the company, publish information
    about the site with a mutually agreeable set of search engines and
    directions.

-   The developer will not, during development or thereafter, use the
    company\'s trademarks, service marks or logos, except with the
    company\'s express written approval.

-   The developer will not use its service affiliation with the company
    for its own promotional purposes without prior written consent.

-   The developer will comply with all applicable laws in connection
    with its activities.

-   The developer will maintain satisfactory insurance and will provide
    proof of its policies.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Confidentiality and Trade Secrets**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Almost inevitably, each party will come into contact with
    confidential information and trade secrets of the other party in the
    course of the relationship.

-   This material may include marketing plans and strategies,
    programming techniques, financial information, advertising and
    referral source, and a what partyle host of other information that
    the disclosing party will consider of strategic importance.

-   It is important to include a standard confidentiality clause in a
    Web site development agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Term and Termination of Agreement**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   How long will the agreement last?

-   What are occurrences that can lead to early termination?

-   Can either party terminate the relationship without cause?

-   Where significant marketing dollars are involved, the parties will
    want to give the relationship a long enough time to determine
    whether it will be fruitful. At the same time, if there are ongoing
    payments required for marketing and advertising, at some point the
    party responsible for these payments may want to say "enough is
    enough"

-   What obligations do the parties have to each other upon termination?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ongoing payments for receivables received after termination?

-   Delivery of proprietary information?

-   Discontinue using trademarks and other intellectual property?

-   Do any provisions (i.e. confidentiality requirements) survive the
    termination of the agreement? If so, how long do they last?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Indemnification agreement**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Is there indemnification for certain breaches or problems?

-   What is the procedure required to obtain indemnification?

-   Is there a cap on or exclusions from indemnification?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Default**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   What are the events of default?

-   Does a party have a period to cure a default?

-   What are the consequences of a default?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Arbitration clause**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   How are disputes to be handled -- litigation, mediation or
    arbitration?

-   If arbitration, what rules will govern

-   If arbitration, how many arbitrators and how will they be picked?

-   If arbitration, will there be procedures for discovery and what the
    arbitrator can and can't do?

-   If litigation, where can or must the litigation be brought?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Waiver**

An assertion that any delay or partial pursuit by one party of its
rights against the other party does not constitute a forfeiture of the
right to later seek further or complete remedy or redress to a
situation, should the need arise.

-   **Assignment**

Identifies if either party to the contract can transfer the contract, in
what partyle, or in part, to another party, and under what conditions
(if any).

-   **Severability**

Explains that if any of the provisions of the contract are rendered null
and void, all other provisions remain in force.

-   **Notice**

Describes how and where the parties shall formally communicate to each
other in the event they need to take such action (e.g., all notices
shall be deemed to have been received by the other party within five
working days if sent by regular mail to the addresses below).

-   **Entire Agreement**

Explains that the written contract is the only description of the
agreement between the vendor and buyer, regardless of what may have been
previously stated or written down. Explains the process for updating the
contract (often based upon mutual agreement, in writing).

-   **Governing law**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Signatures of authorized signatories**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   What authority is required for one party to sign the contract (e.g.,
    Board of Directors approval)?

-   How many signatures are required?

-   Are the signature blocks correct?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Miscellaneous**

    -   Attorneys fees

    -   Modification of Agreement

    -   Time of the Essence

    -   Survival

    -   Headings

    -   Necessary Acts and Further Assurances

    -   Execution

    -   Specific Performances

    -   Representation on Authority of Parties

    -   Force Majeure

    -   Company seal

    -   Witness(es)[ ]{.underline}
