**CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AGREEMENT**

This Confidential Information Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[DEVELOPER NAME\]** (the \"Developer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[CLIENT NAME\]** (the \"Client\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

WHEREAS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the first date of
disclosure of any introduced third parties or proprietary or
confidential information or the last date signed whichever is earlier;
and

WHEREAS, representatives of Developer and Client plan to participate in
meetings and discussions concerning the possibility of Developer
providing certain services to Client related to the development of a
certain web site and related services.

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to establish terms governing the use and
protections of certain information that either party may disclose to the
other in the course of discussions and negotiations; and

WHEREAS, the intent of the Parties hereto is to provide the highest care
and protection of either Parties Confidential Information (defined
below) not less than if such Confidential Information were their own.

NOW, THEREFORE, Developer and Client, in consideration of the premises,
the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the mutual benefit to be
gained by the performance hereof and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, hereby agree as follows:

1.  **DEFINITION**

For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean
information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device,
method, technique, or process, marketing and promotion, computer
software and hardware systems, computer network and communications
integration or design, and information technology businesses or
enterprise related, but not limited to the virtual, automated or
interactive multimedia and content development, e-commerce development
and application, advertising and promotion and marketing, investor and
operator development, financial or technical information, data and
techniques, computer programs or information in computer software or
held in electronic storage medium, business contacts and resources,
business plans, methods and strategies and other information that is
proprietary and confidential to the disclosing party that (i) derives
independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being
generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means
by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or
use, and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the
circumstances to maintain its secrecy, disclosed by either party to the
other in document or other tangible form, including but limited to
graphic, photographic, recorded, diagramed, digital, electronic or any
other form by one party to the other, as well as the content of this
Agreement, and the content of any and all discussions between the
parties, including any Confidential Information developed in the coarse
of this Agreement, or which if initially disclosed orally or visually is
identified as proprietary and, or confidential at the time of
disclosure, or information provided under circumstances surrounding
disclosure which ought to be treated as confidential, or which under
accepted industry practices for that type of information is generally
treated a confidential.

Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be in the public domain
merely because any part of the Confidential Information is included in
the general disclosures or because individual features or components are
now publicly known. Each party\'s obligations with respect to the
Confidential Information shall terminate when the party seeking to avoid
its obligation can document that: (i) it was in the public domain at or
subsequent to the time it was communicated to the receiving party by the
disclosing party through no fault of the receiving party; (ii) it was
rightfully in receiving party\'s possession free of any obligation of
confidence; (iii) it was developed by employees or agents of the
receiving party independently of and without reference to any
information communicated to receiving party by disclosing party; or (iv)
the communication was in response to a valid order by a court or other
governmental body, or was otherwise required by law.

1.  **NONDISCLOSURE**

The Parties will keep completely confidential the Confidential
Information disclosed by the other party, and shall not publish,
disseminate, distribute, disclose, sell, assign or otherwise make use of
any Confidential Information of the other party except in connection
with and in consideration for the proposed business relationship.

Each party agrees that Confidential Information disclosed to it under
this Agreement may be disclosed to employees and agents within their
organization who specifically have a bona fide need to know the
Confidential Information with respect to the consideration of the
proposed business relationship, and, or the consummation of a
transaction between the Parties, and who have been provided a copy of
this Agreement and have agreed to be bound by the terms hereof to the
same extent as the Parties hereto.

Either party shall have the right to refuse to accept the disclosure of
any Confidential Information, and neither party shall be obligated to
disclose to the other party any particular Confidential Information.
This clause of this Agreement does not include Third Parties.

1.  **NO SOLLICITATION**

The Parties agree that during the term of this Agreement, and for a
period of \[NUMBER\] years following the term of this Agreement the
parties will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage any
person, firm, corporation or other business entity who are customers,
clients, employees, independent contractors, partners, vendors,
suppliers, distributors, salesmen, business associates or referral
sources of the disclosing party, or who have any business or financial
relationship with the disclosing party to cease doing business with, or
to in any way change or devalue or malign their business relationship
with the disclosing party, or to conduct or attempt to conduct business,
directly or indirectly with the receiving party outside of the
relationship with the disclosing party.

1.  **LIABILITY**

The Parties hereto shall not have any liability or responsibility for
errors or omissions in, or any business decisions made by either party
in reliance upon proprietary or confidential information disclosed under
this Agreement. Further, the Parties hereto assume all risk, known or
unknown, incident to its use of disclosed Confidential Information; and
each party shall have no liability to each other, or any third party or
affiliate arising out of such use.

1.  **RELATION WITH THIRD PARTIES**

Except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, neither party, nor
their respective employees, officers, directors, managers, members,
affiliates, agents, or associates will directly or indirectly make any
contact with, deal with, or otherwise be involved with any third parties
first introduced by either of them to the other without the prior
knowledge, consent and written approval of the introducing party, which
approval may be conditional, fractional or in its entirety.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Due to the nature of this Agreement, a violation therein of its terms by
either party might cause irreparable harm to the other party leaving no
adequate remedy at law, therefore in the case of a breach of this
Agreement, the Parties consent in advance to entry of a preliminary
injunction and entitled to specific performance and, or other equitable
relief granted by a court of competent jurisdiction to the party
claiming breach therein as a remedy for any such breach, and further
waive any requirement for securing or posting of any bond in connection
with any such remedy.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties, and shall
be binding, addendum and collateral, to any and all previous or
successor agreements unless this Agreement is modified or cancelled by
mutual consent. If any term of this Agreement shall be deemed by a court
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, such invalidity shall not
affect the validity of any other term herein.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

This Agreement shall bind the undersigned parties hereto, their
corporations, affiliates and trustees, and inure to the benefit of the
undersigned parties hereto and their successors, assigns, affiliates,
subsidiaries, trustees and parent companies.

1.  **LITIGATION**

Any disputes, violations or breach, or threat of violation or breach of
this Agreement shall be brought in the courts of \[STATE/PROVINCE\],
without reference to its conflicts of laws principals.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

DEVELOPER CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
