**INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT**

**FOR PROGRAMMING SERVICES **

This Independent Contractor Agreement for Programming Services
(\"Agreement\") is made this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[PROGRAMMER NAME\]** (the \"Programmer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[DEVELOPER NAME\]** (the \"Developer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS **

A.  WHEREAS, Developer is in the business of authoring web sites and
    performing related services for clients like the Developer
    ("Developers").

B.  WHEREAS, Developer has the needs from time to time to retain the
    services of a programmer to create certain functional components to
    be integrated into the overall web site design.

C.  WHEREAS, Programmer has background and experience in performing
    certain programming services that may be needed by the Developer
    from time to time.

D.  WHEREAS, Developer desires to engage Programmer as an independent
    contractor to perform programming services for Developer and
    Programmer is willing to perform such services, on the terms and
    conditions set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and the mutual
promises and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree
as follows:

1.  **TERM **

This Agreement shall be effective commencing \[DATE\], and shall
continue until terminated at the completion of the Scope of Work which
shall occur no later than \[DATE\] or by either party as otherwise
provided herein.

1.  **STATUS OF INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR**

This Agreement does not constitute a hiring by either party. It is the
parties intentions that Programmer shall have an independent contractor
status and not be an employee for any purposes, including, but not
limited to \[LAWS\]. Programmer shall retain sole and absolute
discretion in the manner and means of carrying out their activities and
responsibilities under this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be
considered or construed to be a partnership or joint venture, and the
Developer shall not be liable for any obligations incurred by Programmer
unless specifically authorized in writing. Programmer shall not act as
an agent of the Developer, ostensibly or otherwise, nor bind the
Developer in any manner, unless specifically authorized to do so in
writing.

1.  **PROGRAMMING SERVICES**

    1.  ** Engagement and Services **

Developer hereby engages Programmer, and Programmer accepts such
engagement, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, to
perform for Developer the services described in Attachment A (the
\"Services\").

1.  ** Scope of Work **

The parties intend that this Agreement shall act as a "master" agreement
and that the terms hereof shall govern all services that are performed
by the Programmer for the Developer, unless of course the parties
specifically agree that this Agreement shall not apply in a separate
written agreement signed by authorized representative of both parties.
The precise activities to be performed in each assigned task shall be
included in separate "work orders" that shall be signed by both parties.
Unless the work orders specify otherwise, the work orders shall be
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each work order
shall be successively numbered. Each work order shall set forth a
description and specifications of the work to be performed and the
compensation to be paid to the Programmer for such services.

1.  ** Deliverables; Specifications **

Programmer shall use its best efforts to meet any delivery dates for
Deliverables set forth in the work order(s), and to deliver Deliverables
to Developer that conforms to any project specifications set forth in
such Attachment(s). Programmer warrants that the Services will he
performed promptly, diligently and in accordance with all reasonable
professional standards for similar services, by the individual executing
this Agreement. Deliverables shall include all computer programming code
(in both object and source code form), scripts, all documentation and
other written material relative thereto, and all other materials, items,
media called for by the specifications or any work order.

1.  ** Reasonable diligence**

Programmer shall use reasonable diligence to promptly perform the
services described herein and to meet any delivery dates or project
deadlines agreed to by the parties and to provide services that are in
compliance with agreed specifications and project parameters. All
services shall be provided in a professional and workmanlike manner and
in compliance with standard industry standards and by qualified and
experienced personnel secured by the Programmer.

Programmer represents and warrants that it has no current commitments or
obligations that will conflict with or otherwise interfere with or
impede the performance of the services called for under this Agreement.

1.  ** Work progress**

Programmer shall continually communicate with the Developer regarding
progress made by the Programmer in performing the services. Upon request
from the Developer, Programmer shall prepare and deliver to the
Developer written reports summarizing progress in providing the services
called for in this Agreement.

1.  ** Exclusivity**

Programmer agrees that Programmer shall be prohibited from direct
contact with any Developer without the advanced written consent of the
Developer, it being the intent and desire of the parties that the
Developer act as the sole liaison with the Developer.

1.  **COMPENSATION**

    1.  **Payment of Compensation **

Compensation relative to each work order shall be set forth in the
relevant work order. The work order shall also include a payment
schedule.

Programmer shall be entitled to compensation for performing those tasks
and duties related to the Scope of Work as follows:

\[DESCRIBE\]

Such compensation shall become due and payable to Programmer in the
following time, place, and manner:

\[DESCRIBE\]

1.  **Expenses **

Developer shall not be responsible for any expenses in addition to the
compensation set forth in any work order unless specifically agreed in
such work order.

1.  **OWNERSHIP AND USE OF PROPRIETARY PROPERTY**

    1.  **Proprietary rights acknowledgment**

Programmer expressly acknowledges and agrees that any and all
proprietary materials created by Programmer in the scope of providing
service hereunder shall be created as "works made for hire" as defined
in the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act and that Developer shall be the true
and lawful owner of all copyrights and other proprietary rights in and
to such items and shall be considered to be the sole and exclusive
author of such materials within the meaning of the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright
Act. These items shall include, but shall not necessarily be limited to
any and all deliverables resulting from the Programmer's services or
contemplated by this Agreement, all tangible results and proceeds of the
Programmer's services, work in progress, records, diagrams, notes,
drawings, specifications, schematics, documents, designs, improvements,
inventions, discoveries, developments, trademarks, trade secrets,
customer lists, databases, software, programs, middleware, applications,
solutions, (collectively referred to as \"Proprietary Products\")
conceived, made or discovered by Programmer, solely or in collaboration
with others, during the period of this Agreement.

Furthermore, Programmer agrees to execute any and all documents and take
all other actions necessary to vest full rights and ownership of such
materials and the copyrights, patents, or other proprietary rights
therefore in the Developer, including but not limited to executing
confirmations of the work for hire status of the Programmer, executing
copyright assignments irrevocably and fully assigning all copyrights to
the Developer. Programmer hereby waives any other rights in and to such
Proprietary Products that may attach or arise under any federal, state,
local, international laws or the laws of any other country or
jurisdiction, including but not limited to so-called \"moral rights.\"

1.  **Previously created work**

In the event that Programmer intends or plans to integrate any work that
was previously created by the Programmer into any work product to be
created in furtherance of the performance of services hereunder, the
Programmer shall first provide written notice to the Developer and seek
Developers written approval of the incorporation of such items. In the
event that Developer consents, in its reasonable discretion, to the
incorporation of such items into the work product to be created for the
Developer, the Developer is hereby granted a worldwide, royalty free,
perpetual, irrevocable license to use, distribute, modify, publish, and
otherwise exploit the incorporated items in connection with the work
product that is developed for the Developer.

1.  **Infringement**

Programmer shall be the original author of all Deliverables and shall
not provide any Deliverables or any portion of any Deliverable that
infringes upon the intellectual property rights (copyright, patent,
trademark, moral rights, privacy rights, trade secrets, or any other
right) of any other party. Programmer hereby indemnifies and holds
Developer and Developers harmless from and against any alleged,
threatened or actual infringement asserted by any third party, which
indemnification shall include ongoing payment of costs and attorney fees
of defending or otherwise addressing any such claimed infringement
related to Programmer's Deliverables.

1.  **Representation and warranties**

Programmer represents and warrants that it shall be the sole and
exclusive author of all Deliverables and that no other party shall have
any rights or claims thereto. Programmer shall not subcontract any work
provided hereunder to any independent contractor. All work must be
performed by the Programmer and its bona fide employees.

1.  **Bug fixing**

Programmer shall promptly fix any and all "bugs" or other defects in the
Deliverables upon notice thereof from the Developer. This obligation
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the delivery and
acceptance of any Deliverables.

1.  **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

    1.  **Nondisclosure**

Programmer will not, during or subsequent to the term of this Agreement,
use Developer\'s or any Developer's Confidential Information for any
purpose whatsoever other than the performance of the Services on behalf
of Developer or disclose Developer\'s Confidential Information to any
third party, without the advanced written authorization of the Developer
and/or the relevant Developer. Programmer further agrees to take all
reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of such
Confidential Information including, but not limited to, limiting access
to such information to individuals within its organization that have a
bona fide need to know of such information, having each employee of
Programmer, if any, with access to any Confidential Information execute
a nondisclosure agreement containing provisions and restrictions
substantially similar to those contained in this Agreement.

Programmer agrees not to disclose or communicate, in any manner, either
during or after Programmer's agreement with Developer, information about
Developer, its operations, clientele, or any other information, that
relate to the business of Developer including, but not limited to, the
names of its customers, its marketing strategies, operations, or any
other information of any kind which would be deemed confidential, a
trade secret, a customer list, or other form of proprietary information
of Developer. Programmer acknowledges that the above information is
material and confidential and that it affects the profitability of
Developer.

1.  **Breach of confidentiality is a breach of this Agreement**

Programmer understands that any breach of this provision, or that of any
other Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement, is a material breach
of this Agreement. To the extent Programmer feels they need to disclose
confidential information, they may do so only after obtaining written
authorization from \[an officer\] of the Developer.

1.  **Advertising**

Programmer shall not be permitted to make any press releases or disclose
to any other party, in any marketing or advertising material or any
other means of communication, the existence of the relationship between
Developer and Programmer or the existence or any terms of conditions of
this Agreement or that work is being performed relative to any
Developer.

1.  **Definitions**

For purposes of this Agreement, the term \"Confidential Information\"
means and includes, any and all proprietary information of any nature or
kind, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not
limited to, research, product plans, products, services, customers,
customer lists, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes,
formulas. technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware
configuration information, marketing, finances or other business
information disclosed by Developer either directly or indirectly in
writing or orally. Confidential Information does not include information
which (i) is known to Programmer at the time of disclosure to Programmer
by Developer or any Developer as evidenced by written records of
Programmer, (ii) has become publicly known and made generally available
through no wrongful act of Programmer or (iii) has been rightfully
received by Programmer from a third party who is authorized to make such
disclosure.

1.  **NOTICE CONCERNING WITHHOLDING OF TAXES**

Programmer recognizes and understands that it will receive an \[SPECIFY
TAX\] statement and related tax statements, and will be required to file
corporate and/or individual tax returns and to pay taxes in accordance
with all provisions of applicable Federal and State law. Programmer
hereby promises and agrees to indemnify the Developer for any damages or
expenses, including attorney\'s fees, and legal expenses, incurred by
the Developer as a result of independent contractor\'s failure to make
such required payments.

1.  **AGREEMENT TO WAIVE RIGHTS TO BENEFITS**

Programmer hereby waives and foregoes the right to receive any benefits
given by Developer to its regular employees, including, but not limited
to, health benefits, vacation and sick leave benefits, profit sharing
plans, etc. This waiver is applicable to all non-salary benefits which
might otherwise be found to accrue to the Programmer by virtue of their
services to Developer, and is effective for the entire duration of
Programmer's agreement with Developer. This waiver is effective
independently of Programmer's employment status as adjudged for taxation
purposes or for any other purpose. Neither this Agreement, nor any
duties or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned by either
party without the consent of the other.

1.  **TERMINATION**

This Agreement may be terminated prior to the completion or achievement
of the Scope of Work by either party giving \[NUMBER\] days written
notice. Such termination shall not prejudice any other remedy to which
the terminating party may be entitled, either by law, in equity, or
under this Agreement.

Developer may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice
to the Programmer in the event that the Programmer substantially
breaches or defaults under any of Programmer's obligations contained in
this Agreement or if the Programmer is unable to or refuses to perform
services hereunder.

Upon the effective date of any termination of this Agreement, all legal
obligation, rights and duties arising out of this Agreement shall
terminate except that: (i) Developer shall remain obligated to pay any
balance due to the Programmer for services provided hereunder: (ii) the
Confidentiality Restrictions, Ownership of Proprietary Rights
Provisions, and Programmer provisions of this Agreement shall continue
to apply and shall survive the termination of this Agreement as ongoing
covenants between the parties; (iii) Programmer shall have the
continuing obligation to return to the Developer all tangible and
intangible property of the customer and all versions of any Proprietary
Products of the customer or developed for the Developer during the
effectiveness of this Agreement; and (iv) Programmer shall have the
ongoing duty and obligation to confirm in writing and take all
reasonable steps to secure proprietary right in the Proprietary Products
developed pursuant to this Agreement in the name and exclusive ownership
of the Developer.

1.  **NON-SOLICITATION**

Programmers shall not, during the Agreement and for a period of one year
immediately following termination of this Agreement, either directly or
indirectly, call on, solicit, or take away, or attempt to call on,
solicit, or take away, any of the customers or clients of the Developer
on whom Programmer called or became acquainted with during the terms of
this Agreement, either for their own benefit, or for the benefit of any
other person, firm, corporation or organization.

1.  **NON-RECRUIT**

Programmer shall not, during this Agreement and for a period of one year
immediately following termination of this agreement, either directly or
indirectly, recruit any of Developer's employees for the purpose of any
outside business.

1.  **RETURN OF PROPERTY**

On termination of this Agreement, or whenever requested by the parties,
each party shall immediately deliver to the other party all property in
its possession, or under its care and control, belonging to the other
party to them, including but not limited to, proprietary information,
customer lists, trade secrets, intellectual property, computers,
equipment, tools, documents, plans, recordings, software, and all
related records or accounting ledgers.

1.  **EXPENSE ACCOUNTS**

Programmer and the Developer agree to maintain separate accounts in
regards to all expenses related to performing the Scope of Work.
Programmer is solely responsible for payment of expenses incurred
pursuant to this Agreement unless provided otherwise in writing by \[AN
OFFICER\] of the company. Programmer agrees to execute and deliver any
agreements and documents prepared by Developer and to do all other
lawful acts required to establish document and protect such rights.

1.  **WORKS FOR HIRE**

Programmer agrees that the Scope of Work, all tasks, duties, results,
inventions and intellectual property developed or performed pursuant to
this Agreement are considered "works for hire" and that the results of
said work is by virtue of this Agreement assigned to the Developer and
shall be the sole property of Developer for all purposes, including, but
not limited to, copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, and trade
secret laws.

1.  **LEGAL COMPLIANCE**

Programmer is encouraged to treat all company employees, customers,
clients, business partners and other affiliates with respect and
responsibility. Programmer is required to comply with all laws, ethical
codes and company policies, procedures, rules or regulations, including
those forbidding sex harassment, discrimination, and unfair business
practices.

1.  **LICENSING, WORKERS' COMPENSATION AND GENERAL LIABILITY INSURANCE**

Programmer agrees to immediately supply the Developer with proof of any
licensing status required to perform the Scope of Work pursuant to this
Agreement, Workers' Compensation Coverage where required by law and
General Liability Insurance, upon request of the Developer.

1.  **PERSONS HIRED BY INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR**

All persons hired by Programmer to assist in performing the tasks and
duties necessary to complete the Scope of Work shall be the employees of
Programmer unless specifically indicated otherwise in an agreement
signed by all parties. Programmer shall immediately provide proof of
Workers' Compensation insurance and General Liability insurance covering
said employees, upon request of the Developer.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice to be given hereunder by any party to the other may be
affected either by personal delivery in writing, or by mail, registered
or certified, postage pre‑paid with return receipt requested. Mailed
notices shall be addressed to the parties at the addresses appearing in
the introductory paragraphs of this Agreement, but each party may change
their address by written notice in accordance with this paragraph.
Notices delivered personally shall be deemed communicated as of actual
receipt; mailed notices shall be deemed communicated as of \[NUMBER\]
days after mailing. Programmer agrees to keep Developer current as to
their business and mailing addresses, as well as telephone, facsimile,
e-mail and pager numbers.

1.  **ATTORNEY\'S FEES AND COSTS**

If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret
the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
reasonable attorney\'s fees, costs and necessary disbursements incurred
both before or after judgment in addition to any other relief to which
such party may be entitled.

1.  **MEDIATION AND ARBITRATION**

Any controversy between the parties to this Agreement involving the
construction or application of any of the terms, provisions, or
conditions of this Agreement, shall on written request of either party
served on the other, be submitted first to mediation and then if still
unresolved to binding arbitration. Said mediation or binding arbitration
shall comply with and be governed by the provisions of the \[LAWS\]
unless the Parties stipulate otherwise. The parties shall each appoint
one person to hear and determine the dispute and, if they are unable to
agree, then the two persons so chosen shall select a third impartial
arbitrator whose decision shall be final and conclusive upon both
parties. The attorneys fees and costs of arbitration shall be borne by
the losing party, as set forth in paragraph 18, unless the Parties
stipulate otherwise, or in such proportions as the arbitrator shall
decide.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Programmer shall defend, indemnify, hold harmless, and insure Developer
from any and all damages expenses or liability resulting from or arising
out of, any negligence or misconduct on Programmer\'s part, or from any
breach or default of this Agreement which is caused or occasioned by the
acts of Programmer. Programmers shall insure that its employees and
affiliates take all actions necessary to comply with the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement. Programmer shall name Developer
as an additional insured on all related insurance policies including
workers compensation, and general liability.

1.  **CONTAINMENT OF ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement is an independent document and supersedes any and all
other Agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto,
except any Confidentiality, Trade Secret, Non-Compete, Non-Disclosure,
Indemnification or Arbitration Agreement. This Agreement contains all of
the covenants and Agreements between the parties, except for those set
forth in any Confidentiality, Trade Secret, Non-Compete, Non-Disclosure,
or Arbitration Agreement.

1.  **REPRESENTATION**

Each party of this Agreement acknowledges that no representations,
inducements, promises or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made
by any party hereto, or anyone acting on behalf of any party hereto,
which are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement, statement or
promise not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. Any
modification of this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in
writing, signed and dated by all parties hereto.

1.  **PARTIAL INVALIDITY**

If any provision of this Agreement is held by a Court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect without
being impaired or invalidated in any way.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed under, the laws of
the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly entered and executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written and represent
and warrant that the party executing this Agreement on their behalf is
duly authorized.

PROGRAMMER DEVELOPER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
