**WEB SITE DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT **

**AGREEMENT -- WORK FOR HIRE**

This Web Site Design and Development Agreement (the "Agreement") is made
and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[DEVELOPER NAME\]** (the \"Developer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[CUSTOMER NAME\]** (the \"Customer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **BACKGROUND INFORMATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  The Developer is in the business of designing web sites and has
    experience in the industry.

B.  The Customer wishes to have a web site created meeting the
    specifications (Exhibit "A") set forth herein ("Web Site") and to
    make such web site available through the Internet.

C.  The customer is the current registered owner of the Internet domain
    name \[ADDRESS\], which shall be the URL at which the Web Site shall
    be located.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants set forth herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to the following:

1.  **CREATION OF WEB SITE**

    1.  **Engagement of Developer **

Customer hereby engages the services of the Developer for the purpose of
designing, creating, testing and delivering a fully functional Web Site,
to be delivered to the Customer in the form of Hypertext Markup Language
("HTML"), JAVA and/or FLASH languages, most current version, which meets
the specifications set forth herein and which is fully ready and
operational upon placement on a server and creation of necessary
connections for availability on the World Wide Web.

1.  **Delivery Responsibilities of the Customer **

Within \[NUMBER\] days from the date of execution of this Agreement,
Customer will deliver the items listed in Exhibit "B" attached hereto to
the Developer. The items described in Exhibit "B" shall include all
content to be included in the Web Site, including but not limited to
textual materials, logos, photographs, sound files, databases, video
files and other Web Site content ("Web Site Content") required to be
included in the Web Site as described in the specifications, but
excluding those items that shall be the responsibility of the Developer
to create as provided in Section 2.3 below. All such Web Site Content
shall be delivered to Developer on 100mg "Zip Disc. Logo files shall be
in GIF format, photographs shall be in JPG format, written text shall be
in \[WORD PROCESSOR\] format, video files shall be in MPEG format, and
sound files shall be in Mp3 file format.

1.  **Developer Created Content **

As provided in Section 2.2 above, the Customer shall be responsible for
delivering all Web Site Content except for those items that Developer
has specifically agreed to create pursuant to the terms of this Section
2.3. Developer shall have the obligation as part of its duties hereunder
to create the Web Site Content listed in Exhibit "C" attached hereto. In
developing the Web Site Content listed in Exhibit "C" hereto, Developer
is authorized to utilize such subcontractors as Developer may desire.

1.  **Site Plan and Site Mockup **

The Web Site to be designed by the Developer shall be in substantial
conformity with the site map and Web Site "mockup" attached hereto as
Exhibit "D."

1.  **Hidden Text **

Developer shall not include any hidden text or codes in the development
of the Web Site except as specifically requested by the Customer.
Notwithstanding the above, the Customer hereby directs the Developer to
include Meta Tags on the Web Site which include the keywords set forth
in Exhibit "E" attached hereto.

1.  **Placement of Site During Development **

Developer shall create a password protected access site to make the Web
Site available for review by the Customer periodically through the
development stage. Developer will notify the Customer of the location of
the Web Site and the method for gaining access to the Web Site. The
password assigned to the Customer shall be unique to the Customer and
shall not be provided by either party to any other party except the
Customer and the Developer.

1.  **Stages of Completion **

Developer shall use its reasonable efforts to meet the completion
schedule attached hereto in Exhibit "F." it is contemplated by the
parties that the final completion and delivery date shall be as
indicated on Exhibit "F." However, Customer acknowledges and agrees that
any changes or deviations in the specifications, site plan, mockups,
graphics, or any other element of the Web Site, and Customer delays in
fulfilling Customer's responsibilities, include delivering Site Content
and promptly reviewing and commenting on completed work will lead to
delays in the completion schedule.

1.  **Form of Delivery **

The final Web Site shall be delivered to the Customer on 100mb Zip Disc.

1.  **Links **

All links contained in the Web Site shall be tested and confirmed to be
accurate prior to delivery of the final Web Site to the customer.

1.  **Acceptance Period **

Customer shall have a period of \[NUMBER\] days following delivery of
the final Web Site during which Customer may engage in testing of the
Web Site. Customer shall notify the Developer no later than the \[\_th\]
day following delivery of any items contained in the Web Site that do
not conform to specifications. In the event that the Customer does not
so notify the Developer within the \[NUMBER\] day period, Customer shall
be deemed to have accepted the Web Site in all respects.

1.  **Correction of Deviations From Specification **

Developer shall have a period of \[NUMBER\] days following receipt of
written notification from Customer as provided in Section 2.10 above to
correct any items raised by the Customer into conformance with the
specifications and to deliver such corrected items to the customer.
Customer shall have a period of \[NUMBER\] days after delivery of the
revisions to notify the Developer of any further non-conformance with
the specifications. Developer shall have a period of \[NUMBER\] days
after receipt of this notification to make corrections. This procedure
shall continue until such time as Customer makes final acceptance of the
Web Site.

1.  **Back-Up Copy of Web Site **

Developer shall retain a backup of the Web Site files relative to the
accepted Web Site for a period of \[NUMBER\] days following final
acceptance by the Customer. Thereafter, Developer shall destroy all
copies of the Customer's Web Site, unless Developer is providing hosting
of the Customer's Site pursuant to a separate hosting Agreement.

1.  **COMPENSATION FOR DEVELOPER SERVICES**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **Development Fee **

In consideration of the services to be performed by the Developer
hereunder, including the delivery of a completed Web Site meeting the
specifications set forth and referred to herein, the Customer shall pay
to Developer a total development fee ("Development Fee") equal to
\[AMOUNT\], which shall be payable as set forth in the Schedule of
Payment referred to in Section 3.2, below.

1.  **Schedule of Payments **

Customer shall pay to Developer, upon execution of this Agreement, an
amount equal to \[AMOUNT\] as the initial payment for Developer's
services provided hereunder. Thereafter, the remainder of the
Development Fee shall be paid to the Developer at the times described in
the Schedule of Payments set forth and attached hereto as Exhibit "G."

1.  **Stages of Development; Invoice **

Upon achievement of the various stages of development that require an
additional payment to be made to Developer, Developer shall notify the
Customer in writing that such stage of development has been reached and
shall deliver such deliverables that corresponds to that stage of
development to the Customer, together with an invoice for the amount due
at such stage of development. Customer shall make payment on such
invoice within \[NUMBER\] days after receipt of such invoice.

1.  **Pass Through Expenses **

The parties acknowledge and agree that all expenses associated with the
development process, including but not limited to payment of any
licensing fees, software procurement, costs of purchasing graphics,
photographs and other web content, materials, supplies, and all other
elements of the web site development shall be absorbed by the Developer
and that the Development Fee set forth above shall be the entire expense
to be paid by the Customer hereunder. Notwithstanding the above,
Customer is responsible for all costs and expenses not related to the
design and development services, such as hosting, domain name
registration, marketing, search engine placements, and any other service
that is not described or covered by this Agreement.

1.  **Early Termination **

In the event that this Agreement is terminated by its terms prior to
completion of the Web Site, Developer shall be compensated only for such
work that has been completed prior to the date of termination. Upon
termination hereof, Developer shall deliver any partially completed work
to the Customer on 100 Mb Zip Disc.

1.  **SEARCH ENGINE SUBMISSIONS**

Included within this Development Fee payable hereunder, Developer agrees
to submit the completed Web Site to no more than \[NUMBER\] major search
engines. Customer shall provide the Developer with a list of which
search engines shall be included within Developer's services hereunder.
Any additional search engine submissions shall be subject to separate
agreement between the parties and shall not be included herein.
Developer and Customer shall reasonably and in good faith cooperate to
optimize the results of the search engine placement. However, Developer
cannot guarantee any specific search engine placement.

1.  **DEVELOPER PUBLICITY**

    1.  **Listing In Roster of Developer Customers **

Following completion of the Web Site and final acceptance by the
Customer, Developer shall be permitted to list the Customer and the
Customer's Web Site on Developer's Web Site and in any of its marketing
and advertising as having been developed by the Developer. The material
included on Developer's Web Site shall include a hypertext link to the
Customer's Web Site. Customer shall have full discretion as to the form
and content of such acknowledgement and the appearance of any link.

1.  **Developer Credit On Web Site **

Following completion of the Web Site and final acceptance by the
Customer, and for a period of \[NUMBER\] months after the Web Site is
launched, Customer shall include a credit to the Developer on the home
page of the Web Site. The credit to the Developer shall be designed and
placed on the home page by the Developer but shall be in form and
substance that is reasonably acceptable to the Customer. The credit
shall also include a hypertext link to the Developer's Web Site.

1.  **Limited Trademark License **

The parties hereby give each other a non-exclusive license to utilize
the trademark of the other party, in form reasonably acceptable to the
trademark owner, for the purposes set forth in Section 5.1 and 5.2
hereof.

1.  **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO WEB SITE**

    1.  **Creation of Web Site As A Work For Hire **

The Developer hereby agrees that all materials that are part of the Web
Site and that are created by the Developer, including but not limited to
content, text, graphics, logos, pictures, code, scripts, algorithms,
applets, audio, video and other materials ("Web Site Content") shall be
considered "works for hire." As such, Customer shall be considered the
exclusive owner of all proprietary rights, including but not limited to
Federal Copyrights, in and to all such materials. For purposes hereof,
the term "work for hire" shall have the meaning defined in the
\[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act. Developer acknowledges and agrees that the
Customer shall have all exclusive rights in and to the Web Site Content
that are available to the author or owner of a \[COUNTRY\] copyright.

1.  **Waiver of Common Law Rights **

Developer hereby waives, assigns and transfers onto Customer, any and
all rights in and to all Web Site Content that may exist with respect to
the Web Site content under any and all federal or state common law,
statutory law, or otherwise, including but not limited to trade secret
rights, privacy rights, moral rights, or any other right thereto.

1.  **Confirmatory Documents and Acts **

During the term hereof and at any time thereafter, at the reasonable
request of the Customer, Developer will execute further documents and
take additional actions necessary to confirm or perfect the rights of
the Customer in and to the Web Site content. This may include, but shall
not be limited to executing assignments of rights, assisting in the
registration of copyrights and other proprietary rights, executing
waivers and certificates of originality, and any other reasonable action
requested by the Developer.

1.  **Rights To Portions of Web Site Created By Independent Contractors
    **

Developer agrees that no independent contractors shall be used in the
development process or to create any aspect of the Web Site Content
without the written consent of the Customer. In the event that the
Customer approves the use of independent contractors, as a condition of
such approval, Developer shall obtain, in advance, from each such
independent contractor, an agreement assigning the proprietary rights in
and to the materials that they create to the Customer.

1.  **Original Work **

Developer agrees that all content in the Web Site shall be the original
creation of the Developer which is created for the sole purpose of this
project, except as specifically consented to and agreed by the Customer.
In the event that the Customer consents to the inclusion of any
materials that are created by any other party or that have previously
been created by the Developer, Developer agrees that is shall take all
actions necessary and expend all funds necessary to procure an
unlimited, royalty free, world-wide license for the Customer to use any
such materials in connection with the Web Site, and where required by
the Customer, in connection with the Customer's other activities, such
as advertising and marketing. Unless otherwise consented to by the
Customer, any such license shall be exclusive and no other party shall
be permitted to use the subject material for any purpose.

     

1.  **Hold Harmless **

Developer hereby indemnifies and holds the Customer harmless from and
against all claims, suits, threats, demands, liabilities, settlements,
negotiation costs and expenses, other costs, and attorney fees relative
to any third party's claim that the Web Site or any of the Web Site
content, infringes upon or interferes with any proprietary right of such
third party, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, trade
secrets, privacy rights, moral rights, patents, publicity rights, or any
other right that may now or at any time in the future exist under any
federal or state law.

1.  **License To Developer of Certain Portions **

Customer hereby grants to the Developer the perpetual, non-exclusive,
royalty free, worldwide license to use certain of the Web Site Content
described in Exhibit "H" attached hereto. This license is personal to
the Developer and may not be assigned or sublicensed without the consent
of the Customer, except that Developer may grant a limited license to
its future clients if any of the licensed items are included in any web
site that is created by the Developer in the future. The license granted
herein does not extend to any identifying material of the business name
or trademarks of the Customer.

1.  **DEVELOPER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

Developer makes the following representations and warranties to the
Customer:

1.  **Full power**

Developer has full and unrestricted power and authority to enter into
this Agreement and to grant the exclusive rights in and toe all Web Site
content to the Customer.

1.  **Sole and exclusive creator**

Developer is the sole and exclusive creator of the Web Site Content and
has not created any such materials as a joint work with any other party,
through independent contractors, or in any other way that would give any
other party any rights in and to the Web Site Content.

1.  **No pre-existing work**

That there are no pre-existing work integrate into the Web Site Content
that have not been disclosed to the Customer and for which the Developer
has not obtained a valid license complying with the terms of this
Agreement which permits the Customer to exclusively use the Pre-existing
Work.

1.  **No liens and infringement**

There are no liens, encumbrances or security interests of any nature or
kind affecting the Web Site. None of the Web Site content infringes upon
the proprietary rights of any third party.

1.  **Conformity with latest versions**

The Web Site will perform to all specifications and will have
cross-platform uniformity in that it will function in the latest
versions of the Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape browsers.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY COVENANTS**

    A.  The parties acknowledge and agree that during the course of the
        relationship contemplated hereby that they are likely to come
        into contact and gain knowledge and access to information and
        materials that the other party deems to be confidential,
        proprietary or of strategic importance. The parties each agree
        that they shall maintain the strictest confidentiality of all
        such materials that the receive concerning the other party
        hereto. They shall not disclose such confidential information to
        any other party, shall not use such confidential information for
        their own purposes, and they shall protect such confidential
        information from disclose using the same or higher standards as
        they use to protect their own confidential information.

    B.  The parties agree that confidential information shall be limited
        to disclosure within the organization of the recipient to those
        top management personnel and developers with a bona fide need to
        know such information as a necessary part of their contribution
        to the performance under this Agreement.

    C.  For purposes of this Agreement, confidential information shall
        include any and all information that is of a proprietary,
        confidential or trade secret nature, of strategic importance, or
        is otherwise considered to be confidential or proprietary by the
        releasing party. Confidential information will include items
        such as business plans, marketing plans and strategies, formula,
        processes, data, software source codes, financial information,
        customer lists, and all other information deemed confidential by
        the parties. Confidential information shall not include items
        that are generally available to the public, generally known in
        the industry, exist in the public domain, is learned from an
        outside source independent from the relationship established by
        this Agreement or was known prior to the entering of this
        Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

    A.  This Agreement shall commence on the effective date hereof and
        shall remain in effect until the earlier of the completion of
        all services called for hereunder to be performed by the
        Developer, or the earlier termination of this Agreement as
        provided in this Article IX.

    B.  This Agreement may be terminated by the customer, with or
        without cause, by giving \[NUMBER\] business days written notice
        of such termination to the Developer.

    C.  Customer may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written
        notice to the Developer in the event that the Developer
        substantially breaches or defaults under any of Developer's
        obligations contained in this Agreement or if the Developer is
        unable to or refuses to perform services hereunder.

    D.  Upon the effective date of any termination of this Agreement,
        all legal obligation, rights and duties arising out of this
        Agreement shall terminate except that: (i) Customer shall remain
        obligated to pay any balance due to the Developer for services
        provided hereunder: (ii) the Confidentiality Restrictions,
        Ownership of Proprietary Rights Provisions, and Independent
        Contractor provisions of this Agreement shall continue to apply
        and shall survive the termination of this Agreement as ongoing
        covenants between the parties; (iii) Developer shall have the
        continuing obligation to return to the Customer all tangible and
        intangible property of the customer and all versions of any
        Proprietary Products of the customer or developed for the
        Customer during the effectiveness of this Agreement; and (iv)
        Developer shall have the ongoing duty and obligation to confirm
        in writing and take all reasonable steps to secure proprietary
        right in the Proprietary Products developed pursuant to this
        Agreement in the name and exclusive ownership of the Customer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **NOTICES **

Any notification or written communication required by or contemplated
under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall deemed
to be delivered if transmitted via Email at the Email addresses listed
below, except for any notice of termination of this Agreement which
shall be in writing and sent by \[COUNTRY\] Mail, Certified Mail, Return
Receipt Requested and shall be deemed to have been delivered \[NUMBER\]
business days after the date of mailing. Email addresses for such
notices shall be:

If To Developer: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\]

If To Customer: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\]

1.  **NO ASSIGNMENT **

The Services to be performed by Developer hereunder are personal in
nature, and Customer has engaged Developer as a result of Developer\'s
unique expertise relating to such Services. Neither this Agreement nor
any right, interest, duty or obligation hereunder may be assigned,
transferred or delegated by Developer without the express written
consent of Customer which consent may be withheld in the discretion of
the Customer.

1.  **INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS **

The parties agree that Developer shall be an independent contractor and
not an agent, employee or representative of Customer. Customer shall
have no right to direct or control the details of the Developer's work.
Developer shall not receive any fringe benefits or other perquisites
that the Customer may provide to its employees and Developer agrees to
be responsible for its own business overhead and costs of doing business
and to furnish (or reimburse Customer for) all tools and materials
necessary to accomplish the services required of the Developer pursuant
to this Agreement, and shall incur all expenses associated with
performance, except as expressly provided in Exhibits or amendments to
this Agreement. Developer shall be responsible for paying all taxes on
payments received pursuant to this Agreement and that Customer shall
have no obligation to withhold taxes from service fees payable to the
Developer hereunder. Developer hereby indemnifies and holds the customer
harmless any obligation that may be imposed on Customer (i) to pay in
withholding taxes or similar items or (ii) resulting from Developer\'s
being determined not to be an independent contractor.

1.  **ARBITRATION **

Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the parties agree
that any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to or in
connection with the interpretation, validity, construction, performance,
breach or termination of this Agreement shall be submitted to binding
arbitration to be held in \[STATE/PROVINCE\] in accordance with the
rules of \[ASSOCIATION/ORGANIZATION\] (the \"Rules\"). The decision of
the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to
the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator\'s decision
in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties shall each bear
their own attorney fees with respect to such Arbitration but shall share
equally the other costs and expenses of arbitration.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

[I]{.underline}n interpreting the terms of this Agreement, the parties
agree that the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall be
applicable. All suits permitted to be brought in any court shall be in
\[CITY/COUNTY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes and
replaces all prior discussions, agreements, proposals, understandings,
whether orally or in writing, between the parties related to the subject
matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be changed, modified or
amended only in a written agreement that is duly executed by authorized
representatives of the parties. If any provisions hereof is deemed to be
illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
enforceability of effectiveness of the remainder of the Agreement shall
not be effected and this Agreement shall be enforceable without
reference to the unenforceable provision. No party's waiver of any
breach or accommodation to the other party shall be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach.

**15. TIME OF THE ESSENCE**

Both Parties recognize that time is of the essence in this Agreement and
that the failure to develop, test and deliver the deliverables hereunder
in accordance with the Delivery Schedule shall result in expense and
irreparable damage to the Customer.

1.  **FORCE MAJEURE**

Nether Party shall be deemed in default of this Agreement to the extent
that performance of its obligations or attempts to cure any breach are
delayed, restricted or prevented by reason of any act of God, fire,
natural disaster, act of government, strikes or labor disputes,
inability to provide raw materials, power or supplies, or any other act
or condition beyond the reasonable control of the party in question.

1.  **PARTIAL INVALIDITY**

Should any provision of this Agreement be held to be void, invalid or
inoperative, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be
affected and shall continue in effect and the invalid provision shall be
deemed modified to the least degree necessary to remedy such invalidity.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

The failure of either Party to partially or fully exercise any right or
the waiver by either party of any breach, shall not prevent a subsequent
exercise of such right or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach of
the same or any other term of this Agreement.

1.  **HEADINGS**

The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

1.  **COUNTERPARTS**

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each of which shall
be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and
the same document

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly entered and executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written and represent
and warrant that the party executing this Agreement on their behalf is
duly authorized.

DEVELOPER CUSTOMER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[A]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[WEB SITE SPECIFICATIONS]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[B]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[CLIENT DELIVERY ITEMS]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[C]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[WEB SITE CONTENT TO BE CREATED BY DEVELOPER]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[D]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[WEB SITE
]{.underline}["]{.underline}[MOCK-UP]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[E]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[META TAG KEYWORDS]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[F]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE OF COMPLETION]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[G]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[PAYMENT SCHEDULE]{.underline}**
