**WEB SITE DESIGN NONDISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT**

This Nondisclosure and Confidentiality Agreement (the "Agreement") is
made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[WEB DESIGNER NAME\]** (the \"Designer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[CLIENT NAME\]** (the \"Client\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

A.  WHEREAS, the parties are in the process of evaluating a potential
    relationship whereby the Client will retain the services of the Web
    Designer for the creation of an Internet Web Site and related
    database functions.

B.  WHEREAS, the Client possesses certain information and materials
    which it considers to be highly confidential and proprietary and
    which constitute trade secrets of the Client.

C.  WHEREAS, the parties acknowledge and agree that assessment of the
    potential business relationship between the parties may require
    disclosure of certain of this confidential and proprietary
    information to the Web Designer.

D.  WHEREAS, Client will release such information as Client deems
    necessary to the Web Designer to be used by the Web Designer solely
    for the purpose of evaluating the potential relationship between the
    parties (the "Permitted Business Purpose").

E.  WHEREAS, Client wishes to assure that the confidential and
    proprietary information is protected from disclosure and only used
    by the Web Designer for the purpose of evaluating the potential
    business relationship between the parties.

F.  WHEREAS, Client wishes to assure that upon completion of the review
    of the potential business relationship or termination of discussions
    between the parties that the confidential and proprietary
    information is returned to the Client.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants set forth herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to the following:

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

Designer hereby covenants and agrees that it shall have the affirmative
obligation to hold the Confidential Information (as defined below) in
the strictest of confidence and to protect the Confidential Information
from disclosure to any third party. Web Designer shall take all steps
necessary to protect the Confidential Information from disclosure and
shall implement internal procedures to guard against such disclosure.
Web Designer shall only use the Confidential Information for the
Business Purpose defined above and shall not use such Confidential
Information, or any part of it, for its own purposes or the purposes of
any other party. Web Designer shall only permit disclosure to
individuals within its organization that have a bona fide need to know
such information in connection with the Business Purpose. Web Designer
shall advise each person to which disclosure is permitted herein that
such information is the confidential and proprietary property of the
Client and may not be disclosed to others or used for the purposes of
the party to whom disclosure is being made. Each person to which
Confidential Information must be disclosed shall execute an agreement
containing the restrictions and protections set forth in this Agreement.

1.  **RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

Upon request from the Client or upon termination of negotiations and
evaluations between the parties, Web Designer shall return all
Confidential Information to Client. Web Designer shall not be permitted
to make, retain, or distribute copies of any Confidential Information
and shall not create any other documents, memorandum, correspondence,
outline, presentation, in any form whatsoever, that includes and of the
Confidential Information.

1.  **NO RIGHT**

Except for the Business Purpose described above, Web Designer is not
granted any right, license, assignment, or any other rights in and to
any of the Confidential Information.

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

For purposes of these Covenants, the term \"Confidential Information\"
shall mean and shall include information relating to the business,
products or services of the Disclosing Party; including, but not limited
to:

A.  Information which relates to the any products or services offered by
    or through the Disclosing Party ("Products") and their manufacture,
    sale or use, including financial statements, costs and expense data,
    marketing and consumer data, production data, know‑how, trade
    secrets, secret processes and formulae, technical data and reports,
    or any other information relating to the products and services
    offered by or through the Disclosing Party which is not generally
    ascertainable from public or published information, regardless of
    whether such information was provided pursuant to the terms of this
    Agreement, by request of the other party or in any other manner;

B.  Information developed or to be developed by a party to this
    Agreement, their affiliates, and all material and information
    submitted to and/or filed with a governmental regulatory agency or
    any other equivalent agency covering the products or services
    offered by or through the Disclosing Party;

C.  Information related to the Products contained in all documents
    submitted in connection with regulatory submissions throughout the
    world covering the Products;

D.  All information disclosed in oral, written, graphic, photographic,
    recorded, diagramed, digital, electronic or any other from by one
    party to the other as well as the content of this Agreement and the
    content of any and all discussions between the parties related to
    this Agreement or otherwise;

E.  The trademarks, services marks, and other proprietary information of
    the Disclosing Party, including any information developed in the
    course of the relationship between the parties, all which shall be
    the property of the Disclosing Party and shall be considered "works
    for hire";

F.  Computer software programs, corporate operations procedures,
    marketing plans and methods, customer lists, prospective clients
    lists, regardless of whether such lists have been distilled or
    tailored for the specific use of the Disclosing Party, all
    information relative to carriers and any of the companies that are
    the primary source for the Products or with which the Disclosing
    Party has contracted to offer the Products;

G.  Any and all information provided through the training process
    involving the Receiving Party or its agents or contractors;

H.  Strategic and development plans, financial condition, business
    plans, co‑developer identities, data, business records, projections,
    business structure and concepts, customer lists, project records,
    market reports, employee lists and business manuals, policies and
    procedures, information relating to processes, technologies or
    theory and all other information which may be disclosed by
    Disclosing Party or to which Receiving Party may be provided access
    by Disclosing Party or others in accordance with this Agreement, or
    which is generated as a result of the relationship between the
    parties. Information is not confidential if it is generally
    available or known within the Internet industry, it is in the public
    domain, it was known to Designer before this Agreement was entered
    into, it was independently received by Designer from a third party,
    or it was developed independently by Designer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEPENDENT COVENANTS**

Each covenant on the part of Web Designer set forth in this Agreement
shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other covenant or
provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which and Web
Designer may have, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by
Web Designer against whether predicated upon another covenant or
provision of these Covenants or otherwise, shall not constitute a
defense to the enforcement by of any other covenant. If any portion of
these Covenants contained herein is held to be unreasonable, arbitrary
or against public policy, each covenant shall be considered divisible as
to time; and each \[NUMBER\] month of the specified period shall be
deemed to be a separate period of time.

1.  **LIABILITIES**

Web Designer recognizes and expressly agrees that the extent of damages
to in the event of a breach by Web Designer of any covenant set forth
herein would be impossible to ascertain, that the irreparable harm
arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably presumed, and that the
remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate to compensate the
Client. Consequently, Web Designer agrees that in the event of a breach
of any such covenant, in addition to any other relief to which may be
entitled, shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or
other equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.

1.  **GOVERNIG LAW**

[I]{.underline}n interpreting the terms of this Agreement, the parties
agree that the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall be
applicable. All suits permitted to be brought in any court shall be in
\[CITY/COUNTY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly entered and executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written and represent
and warrant that the party executing this Agreement on their behalf is
duly authorized.

DESIGNER CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
