**ADVERTISING AGENCY AGREEMENT**

This Advertising Agency Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[ADVERTISER NAME\]** (the \"Advertiser\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[AGENCY NAME\]** (the \"Agency\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

Agency is in the business of providing advertising agency services for a
fee. Advertiser desires to engage Agency to render, and Agency desires
to render to Advertiser, certain advertising agency services, all as

set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
herein contained the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  **ENGAGEMENT**

Advertiser engages Agency to render, and Agency agrees to render to
Advertiser, certain services in connection with Advertiser\'s planning,
preparing and placing of advertising for certain of Advertiser\'s
products as follows:

a.  Analyze Advertiser\'s current and proposed products and services and
    present and potential markets.

b.  Create, prepare and submit to Advertiser for its prior approval
    advertising ideas and programs.

c.  Prepare and submit to Advertiser for its prior approval estimates of
    costs and expenses associated with proposed advertising ideas and
    programs.

d.  Design and prepare, or arrange for the design and preparation of,
    advertisements.

e.  Perform such other services as Advertiser may request from time to
    time such as, but not limited to, direct mail advertising
    preparation, speech writing, publicity and public relations work,
    market research and analysis.

f.  Order advertising space, time or other means to be used for
    publication of Advertiser\'s advertisements, at all times
    endeavoring to secure the most efficient and advantageous rates
    available.

g.  Proof for accuracy and completeness of insertions, displays,
    broadcasts, or other forms of advertisements.

h.  Audit invoices for space, time, material preparation and charges.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PRODUCTS**

Agency\'s engagement shall relate to the following products and services
of Advertiser: \[PRODUCTS\]

1.  **EXCLUSIVITY**

Agency shall be the \[EXCLUSIVE OR NON-EXCLUSIVE\]** **advertising
agency in the \[COUNTRY\] for Advertiser with respect to the products
described in Section 2 above.

1.  **COMPENSATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Agency shall receive an amount equal to \[MEDIA COMMISSION RATE\] of
    the gross charges levied by media for advertising placed therewith
    by Agency pursuant to this Agreement; and **\[**NON-MEDIA COMMISSION
    RATE\] after volume discount, of the charges of suppliers of
    services or properties, such as finished art, comprehensive layouts,
    type composition, photostats, engravings, printing, radio and
    television programs, talent, literary, dramatic and musical works,
    records and exhibits, purchased by Agency on Advertiser\'s
    authorization during the term of this Agreement; provided that:

\(i\) No percentage will be added to Agency charges for packing,
shipping, express, postage, telephone, telex, fax, travel expenses and
other out of pocket expenses of Agency personnel; and

\(ii\) Agency\'s commission for outdoor advertising will be the standard
rate allowed advertising agencies when such rate is less than \[OUTDOOR
ADVERTISING COMMISSION RATE\].

a.  For those items where Agency is not compensated on a commission
    basis, Advertiser shall pay Agency on an hourly basis for services
    provided hereunder. The rate will be determined by the type of
    services provided and the person or persons providing such services,
    but in no event shall the rate exceed \[MAXIMUM HOURLY RATE\]**
    **per hour. Advertiser may elect in advance to be charged on this
    hourly rate basis. If Advertiser fails to notify Agency of its
    choice, it shall be presumed that Advertiser elected to be charged
    on an hourly rate basis.

b.  In the event that Agency undertakes, at Advertiser\'s request
    subject to Advertiser\'s prior approval, special projects such as
    those described in Section 1.F above, Agency shall prepare an
    estimate of total charges for any such special project, including
    therein any charges for materials or services purchased from outside
    sources. In the event that Advertiser elects to proceed with the
    special project based upon Agency\'s estimated cost, Agency shall
    perform the services with respect to such special project at its
    estimated cost, subject to modification as mutually agreed by the
    parties.

c.  For any special project or other services provided by Agency
    pursuant to this Agreement upon which the parties have not agreed as
    to charges, Advertiser shall pay Agency at its regular hourly rates,
    not to exceed \[AMOUNT\] per hour.

d.  Advertiser shall not be obligated to reimburse Agency for any travel
    or other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of
    services pursuant to this Agreement unless expressly agreed by
    Advertiser in advance.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **BILLING**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  On all outside purchases other than for media, Agency shall attach
    to the invoice proof of the supplier\'s charges.

b.  All cash discounts on Agency\'s purchases including, but not limited
    to, media, art, printing and mechanical work, shall be available to
    Advertiser, provided that Advertiser meets Agency\'s requisite
    billing terms and there is no outstanding indebtedness of Advertiser
    to Agency at the time of the payment to the supplier.

c.  Rate or billing adjustments shall be credited or charged to
    Advertiser on the next following regular invoice date or as soon as
    otherwise practical.

d.  Invoices shall be submitted in an itemized format and shall be paid
    by Advertiser within \[NUMBER\] days of the invoice date.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMPETITORS**

During the term of this Agreement, Agency \[MAY NOT\] accept employment
from, render services to, represent or otherwise be affiliated with any
person, firm, corporation or entity in connection with any product or
service directly or indirectly competitive with or similar to any
product or service of Advertiser with respect to which the Agency is
providing any service pursuant to this Agreement.

1.  **COST ESTIMATES**

Agency shall not commence work on any project pursuant to this Agreement
without first estimating costs for preparation, including copy, service,
layout, art, engraving, typography, processing, paste up and production.
After determining the estimated cost, completion of the work shall be
subject to Advertiser\'s prior approval.

1.  **AUDIT RIGHTS**

Agency agrees that following reasonable prior notice any and all
contracts, agreements, correspondence, books, accounts and other
information relating to Advertiser\'s business or this Agreement shall
be available for inspection by Advertiser and Advertiser\'s outside
accountants, at Advertiser\'s expense.

1.  **OWNERSHIP AND USE**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Materials and advertisements created by Agency pursuant to this
    Agreement may be used by Advertiser outside \[COUNTRY\] without
    additional compensation, provided that Advertiser shall be
    responsible for any additional expense associated with such use,
    such as charges for translation and amounts due talent. Agency\'s
    obligations in Section 10.A. above shall not apply with respect to
    any such foreign use.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Agency shall indemnify and hold Advertiser harmless with respect to
    any claims, loss, suit, liability or judgment suffered by
    Advertiser, including reasonable attorney\'s fees and costs, based
    upon or related to any item prepared by Agency or at Agency\'s
    direction, including, but not limited to, any claim of libel,
    slander, piracy, plagiarism, invasion of privacy, or infringement of
    copyright or other intellectual property interest, except where any
    such claim arises out of material supplied by Advertiser and
    incorporated into any materials or advertisement prepared by Agency.
    Agency agrees to procure and maintain in force during the term of
    this Agreement, at Agency\'s expense, an advertising agency
    liability policy or policies having a minimum limit of at least
    \[INSURANCE POLICY AMOUNT\], naming Advertiser as an additional
    insured and loss payee under such policy or policies.

b.  Advertiser agrees to indemnify and hold Agency harmless with respect
    to any claims, loss, liability, damage or judgment suffered by
    Agency, including reasonable attorney\'s fees and court costs, which
    results from the use by Agency of any material furnished by
    Advertiser or where material created by Agency or at the direction
    of Agency subject to the indemnification in subsection A. above is
    materially changed by Advertiser. Information or data obtained by
    Agency from Advertiser to substantiate claims made in advertising
    shall be deemed to be \"material furnished by Advertiser to
    Agency\".

c.  In the event of any proceeding, litigation or suit against
    Advertiser by any regulatory agency or in the event of any court
    action or other proceeding challenging any advertising prepared by
    Agency, Agency shall assist in the preparation of the defense of
    such action or proceeding and cooperate with Advertiser and
    Advertiser\'s attorneys.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TERM**

The term of this Agreement shall commence on \[START DATE\] and shall
continue in full force and effect until terminated by either party upon
at least \[NUMBER\] days prior written notice, provided that in no event
(except breach) may this Agreement be terminated prior to \[EARLIEST END
DATE\]. The rights, duties and obligations of the parties shall continue
in full force during or following the period of the termination notice
until termination, including the ordering and billing of advertising in
media whose closing dates follow then such period.

1.  **RIGHTS UPON TERMINATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Upon termination of the Agreement, Agency shall transfer, assign and
    make available to Advertiser all property and materials in Agency\'s
    possession or subject to Agency\'s control that are the property of
    Advertiser, subject to payment in full of amounts due pursuant to
    this Agreement

b.  Upon termination, Agency agrees to provide reasonable cooperation in
    arranging for the transfer or approval of third party\'s interest in
    all contracts, agreements and other arrangements with advertising
    media, suppliers, talent and others not then utilized, and all
    rights and claims thereto and therein, following appropriate release
    from the obligations therein.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DEFAULT**

In the event of any default of any material obligation by or owed by a
party pursuant to this Agreement, then the other party may provide
written notice of such default and if such default is not cured within
\[NUMBER\] days of the written notice, then the non-defaulting party may
terminate this Agreement.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or by certified mail, postage prepaid, or recognized
overnight delivery services.

If to Advertiser:

\[ADVERTISER\]

\[ADVERTISER\'S ADDRESS\]

If to Agency:

\[AGENCY\]

\[AGENCY\'S ADDRESS\]

1.  **HEADINGS**

Headings used in this Agreement are provided for convenience only and
shall not be used to construe meaning or intent.

1.  **FINAL AGREEMENT**

This Agreement terminates and supersedes all prior understandings or
agreements on the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be modified
only by a further writing that is duly executed by both parties.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the state of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Advertising
Agency Agreement as of the date first above written.

ADVERTISER AGENCY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
