**[AMENDMENT TO SALES CONTRACT]{.underline}**

[This Amendment to that certain Sales Contract dated \[DATE\], (the
"Sales Contract"), is made \[DATE\]]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[S]{.underline}[E]{.underline}[LLER
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the "Seller") , a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of \[STATE/PRIOVINCE\], with its
head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[BUYER
]{.underline}[NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of \[STATE/PRIOVINCE\], with its
head office located at:]{.underline}

WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend certain terms of the Sales Contract;
and WHEREAS, certain capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are
defined in the Sales Contract;

[THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[PRICE CHANGE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Section \[Specify\] of the Sales Contract is hereby amend to provide
that the price for the Products shall, after the date hereof, be the
price announced publicly from time to time by Seller, less a 10%
discount.]{.underline}

1.  **[PAYMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The first sentence of Section \[SPECIFY\] of the Sales Contract is
deleted and replaced by the following sentence: "Payment in full for all
Products shall be made by Buyer within 45 days of receipt of the
applicable invoice from Seller."]{.underline}

1.  **[DELETION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Section \[SPECIFY\] of the contract is hereby deleted and is no longer
applicable after the date hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[PAYMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In consideration for the various accommodations made herein, Buyer
shall pay to Seller the sum of \[AMOUNT\] simultaneously upon execution
of this Amendment.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Amendment, together with the Sales Contract, constitutes the
final, complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the
parties pertaining to their subject matter and supersedes any and all
prior and contemporaneous understandings or agreements of the
parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Amendment may be supplemented, amended or modified only by the
mutual agreement of the parties. No supplement, modification or
amendment of this Amendment shall be binding unless it is in writing and
signed by both parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[INCONSISTENCY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In the event of any conflict between this Amendment and the Sales
Contract, the terms of this Amendment shall govern.]{.underline}

1.  **[SALES CONTRACT CONTINUANCE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Except with respect to the changes effected by this Amendment, the
Sales Contract continues to remain in full force and
effect.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment on
\[DATE\].]{.underline}

SELLER BUYER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
