**BILL OF SALE**

This Bill of Sale (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the "Seller") , a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[BUYER NAME\]** (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the Seller hereby sells and
transfers possession of the following goods in their present condition
and location to the Buyer, and its successors and assigns forever, the
following described goods

\[DETAILED LIST OF GOODS\].

Seller warrants and represents that he/she has good title to said
property, full authority to sell and transfer same and that said goods
and chattels are being sold free and clear of all liens, encumbrances,
liabilities and adverse claims, of every nature and description.\
\
Seller further warrants that it shall sully defend, protect, indemnify
and save harmless the Buyer and its lawful successors and assigns from
any and all adverse claim, that may be made by any party against said
goods.

The Buyer acknowledges examining the goods and buying them \"as and
where is\" completely at the Buyer\'s risk and promises not to make any
claims against the Seller based upon alleged express or implied
representations, warranties or collateral agreements as to the
merchantability of the goods or as to their fitness for any particular
purpose or as to their safe use.

It is provided, however, that Seller disclaims any implied warranty of
condition, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Said
goods being in their present condition \"as is\" and \"where is.\"\
\
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Bill of Sale is executed in duplicate under
seal on \[DATE\].

Signed, sealed and delivered to the Buyer in the presence of:

BUYER SELLER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
