**BULK SALE AGREEMENT**

This Bulk Sale Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLERS NAME\]** (the "Sellers") , a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[BUYER NAME\]** (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **AGREEMENT TO SELL**

The Sellers shall sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer shall buy from the
Sellers, all of that certain stock of goods, wares and merchandise
belonging to the Sellers, and now located at \[LOCATION\], together with
all furniture and fixtures therein, belonging to the Sellers.

1.  **COMPANY CLOSED FOR INVENTORY **

Upon the execution and delivery of this contract, properly signed and
executed, and the payment of the earnest money hereinafter mentioned,
the location shall be closed temporarily, and an inventory taken
immediately, and delivered to the Buyer, at the invoice cost \[AMOUNT\],
without including transportation charges or expenses, deducting,
however, any depreciation on account of damages, wear and tear.

1.  **INVOICE VALUATION OR ARBITRATION **

The goods, wares and merchandise and furniture and fixtures shall be
inventoried at \[LOCATION\].

1.  **TIME TO COMPLETE INVENTORY **

Ten days shall be allowed to complete the inventories, upon which date
all of the property shall be thereupon delivered by the Sellers to the
Buyer.

1.  **LIQUIDATED DAMAGES **

All the stipulations, agreements and conditions contained in this
contract are to apply to and to bind the heirs, executors and
administrators of the respective parties hereto, and, in case of
failure, the parties bind themselves each to the other in the sum of
\[AMOUNT\], as fixed and settled damages to be paid by the failing
party.

1.  **DEPOSIT IN ESCROW TO SECURE COMPLIANCE WITH BULK SALES LAW **

The Buyer, in consideration of the premises, shall, upon the execution
of this contract, deposit in escrow in the \[NAME\] Bank, the sum of
\[AMOUNT\] as earnest money to bind the trade, the sum to be returned to
the Buyer in case the Sellers fail to make good title to the property,
and upon the consummation of the deal and the tender of the Sellers to
the Buyer of their certain bill of sale to the property, showing that
the Sellers have complied with all the requirements and conditions of
the Bulk Sales Law of \[JURISDICTION\] and that they will furnish to
Buyer a full and complete list of all creditors of the company, together
with the amounts due the creditors, that the creditors shall be
immediately paid in full such amounts as may be due them, and that the
total amount shown to be due by the Sellers shall be deposited in escrow
in \[NAME\] Bank, until all creditors of the company shall give a
release of their claim against the company, or the individual members
thereof, the Buyer shall pay to the Sellers the total amount of the
invoice in cash and the payment shall be accepted in full payment for
the property.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
\[DATE\].

BUYER SELLER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
