**CONTRACT FOR THE SALE OF GOODS**

This Sales Agreement (the "Agreement") is made on \[DATE\], (the "Sales
Contract"),

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the "Seller"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of \[STATE/PRIOVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[BUYER NAME\]** (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of \[STATE/PRIOVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

1.  **SALE OF GOODS**

Seller shall sell, transfer and deliver to buyer on or before
\[DATE\]*,* the following personal property:

\[DESCRIPTION OF GOODS\]

1.  **CONSIDERATION**

Buyer shall accept the goods and pay the sum of \[AMOUNT\] for the
goods.

1.  **IDENTIFICATION OF GOODS**

Identification of the goods to this agreement shall not be deemed to
have been made until both buyer and seller have specified that the goods
in question are to be appropriated to the performance of this agreement.

1.  **PAYMENT ON RECEIPT**

Buyer shall make payment for the goods at the time when, and at the
place where, the goods are received by buyer.

OR

**INSTALLMENT PAYMENT CLAUSE**

Buyer agrees to pay for the \[EQUIPMENT, MACHINERY OR THE LIKE\] in the
following manner: the initial payment payable with this order, and the
remaining balance in monthly payments together with monthly charge for
service, all as stated on the face of this agreement; the billing for
monthly payments will commence for each \[E.G., MACHINE\] when installed
ready for buyer's use, with succeeding payments on the same day of every
month until total price shall have been paid in full.

1.  **RECEIPT CONSTRUED AS DELIVERY**

Goods shall be deemed received by buyer when delivered to buyer at
\[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\]*.*

1.  **RISK OF LOSS**

The risk of loss from any casualty to the goods, regardless of the
cause, shall be on seller until the goods have been accepted by buyer.

1.  **WARRANTY OF NO ENCUMBRANCES**

Seller warrants that the goods are now free, and that at the time of
delivery shall be free from any security interest or other lien or
encumbrance.

1.  **WARRANTY OF TITLE**

Furthermore, seller warrants that at the time of signing this agreement
seller neither knows, nor has reason to know, of the existence of any
outstanding title or claim of title hostile to the rights of seller in
the goods.

1.  **RIGHT OF INSPECTION**

Buyer shall have the right to inspect the goods on arrival and, within
\[NUMBER\] business days after delivery, buyer must give notice to
seller of any claim for damages on account of condition, quality or
grade of the goods, and buyer must specify the basis of the claim of
buyer in detail. The failure of buyer to comply with these conditions
shall constitute irrevocable acceptance of the goods by buyer.

The parties have executed this agreement at \[DESIGNATE PLACE OF
EXECUTION\] the day and year first above written.

SELLER BUYER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
