**DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT**

This Distribution Agreement (the" Agreement"), is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the "Company"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[DISTRIBUTOR NAME\]** (the \"Distributor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

WHEREAS the Company wishes to market the Products described in Schedule
A (the \"Products\") through the Distributor, it is agreed as follows:

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
respective meanings indicated, such meanings to be applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of the terms defined:

## "**Agreement**" means this agreement, the Schedules attached hereto and any documents included by reference, as each may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

**"Accessories"** means the accessories described in Exhibit A attached
hereto, and includes any special devices manufactured by Company and
used in connection with the operation of the Goods.

Accessories may be deleted from or added to Exhibit A and their
specifications and design may be changed by Company at its sole
discretion at any time by mailing written notice of such changes to
Distributor. Each change shall become effective \[NUMBER\] days
following the date notice thereof is sent to Distributor.

**"Affiliate means"** any company controlled by, controlling, or under
common control with Company. Affiliate means any person, corporation or
other entity: (i) which owns, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly,
twenty-five percent (25%) or more of any class of the voting stock of
Company or is, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly, in effective
control of Company; or (ii) twenty-five percent (25%) or more of any
class of the voting stock of which Company, or a party described in
paragraph (i), owns, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly, or of
which Company, or a party described in paragraph (i), is, now or
hereafter, directly or indirectly, in control.

**"Customer"** means any person who purchases or leases Products from
Distributor.

**"Delivery Point"** means Company\'s facilities at \[FULL ADDRESS\].
Delivery point means Distributor\'s facilities at \[FULL ADDRESS\].

**"Exhibit"** means an exhibit attached to this agreement.

**"Goods"** means those items described in Exhibit B. Goods may be
deleted from or added to Exhibit B and their specifications and design
may be changed by Company at its sole discretion at any time by mailing
written notice of such changes to Distributor. Each change shall become
effective \[NUMBER\] days following the date notice thereof is sent to
Distributor.

**"Products" **means Goods, Accessories, and Spare Parts.

**"Spare Parts means"**: (i) all parts and components of the Goods; (ii)
any special devices used in connection with the maintenance or servicing
of the Goods. Company warrants that a complete list of Spare Parts is
set forth in Exhibit C. Spare parts may be deleted from or added to
Exhibit C and their specifications and design may be changed by Company
at its sole discretion at any time by mailing written notice of such
changes to Distributor. Each change shall become effective \[NUMBER\]
days following the date notice thereof is sent to Distributor.

**"Specifications"** means those specifications set forth in Exhibit D.

**"Territory"** means the following geographic area or areas:
\[SPECIFY\].

**"Trademark"** means any trademark, logo, service mark or other
commercial designation, whether or not registered, used to represent or
describe the Products of Company, as set forth in Exhibit E.

1.  **APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR**

    1.  **Appointment**

Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company\'s nonexclusive
distributor of Products in the Territory, and Distributor accepts that
position. It is understood that Company cannot lawfully prevent its
distributors located elsewhere from supplying Products for sale or use
within the Territory and that it has no obligation to do so.

OR

Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company\'s exclusive distributor
of Products in the Territory, and Distributor accepts that position.

a.  Company, to the extent that it is legally Permitted to do so, (i)
    shall not appoint any distributor or servicer in the Territory for
    the Products other than Distributor, (ii) shall not, and shall cause
    any Affiliate not to, knowingly sell Products to any person other
    than Distributor or a party designated by Distributor for use or
    resale within the Territory (except pursuant to any agreement
    effective at the time this Agreement became applicable to the
    service so provided), and (iii) shall use its best efforts to
    prevent any party other than Distributor from seeking customers for
    the Products in the Territory, from establishing any branch related
    to the distribution of Products in the Territory, or from
    maintaining any distribution depot with respect to the Products in
    the Territory.

b.  Company, or any Affiliate, sells any Product which is eventually
    resold in the Territory (other than a sale to Distributor or a party
    designated by Distributor) and Company, or that Affiliate, had
    reason to know at the time of its sale of that Product that such
    resale was likely to occur, Company shall, immediately after the
    trigger sale (which shall be the resale of the Product in the
    territory or the sale immediately preceding the use of the Product
    in the Territory) is contracted, pay to the Distributor \[PERCENT\]
    % of the price of that Product under this Agreement at the time that
    the trigger sale was contracted, which payment shall represent a
    recapture of certain advertising and capital expenditures made by
    Distributor. Nothing contained in this Section shall affect any
    other right or remedy which Distributor may have pursuant to this
    Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **REFERRALS**

If Company or any Affiliate is contacted by any party inquiring about
the purchase of Products in the Territory (other than Distributor or a
party designated by Distributor), Company shall, or shall cause that
Affiliate to, refer such party to Distributor for handling.

1.  **RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES **

    a.  Distributor is an independent contractor and is not the legal
        representative or agent of Company for any purpose and shall
        have no right or authority (except as expressly provided in this
        Agreement) to incur, assume or create in writing or otherwise,
        any warranty over any of Company\'s employees, all of whom are
        entirely under the control of Company, who shall be responsible
        for their acts and omissions.

    b.  Distributor shall, at its own expense, during the term of this
        Agreement and any extension thereof, maintain full insurance
        under any Workmen\'s Compensation Laws effective in the state or
        other applicable jurisdiction covering all persons employed by
        and working for it in connection with the performance of this
        Agreement, and upon request shall furnish Company with
        satisfactory evidence of the maintenance of such insurance.

    c.  Distributor accepts exclusive liability for all contributions
        and payroll taxes required under Federal Social Security Laws
        and State Unemployment Compensation Laws or other payments under
        any laws of similar character in any applicable jurisdiction as
        to all persons employed by and working for it.

    d.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to create
        any partnership or joint venture relationship between the
        parties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SALE OF PRODUCTS BY DISTRIBUTOR**

Distributor agrees to exercise its best efforts to develop the largest
possible market for the Products in the Territory and shall continuously
offer, advertise, demonstrate and otherwise promote the sale of Products
in the Territory.

a.  The parties have consulted together and now agree that if
    Distributor\'s best efforts are used as provided in this Section, a
    minimum of \[SPECIFY\] Products (\"Annual Market Potential\") will
    be purchased and distributed in the Territory during the first year
    of this Agreement.

b.  At the beginning of each subsequent year hereunder the parties will
    consult together in good faith and agree on the Annual Market
    Potential applicable to that year; provided, however, that if they
    cannot agree, the Annual Market Potential for the immediately
    Preceding year will apply to the current year.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMPETING PRODUCTS **

Distributor agrees that it will not distribute or represent any Products
in the Territory which compete with the Products during the term of this
Agreement or any extensions thereof.

1.  **ADVERTISING**

Distributor shall be entitled, during the term of the distributorship
created by this Agreement and any extension thereof, to advertise and
hold itself out as an authorized Distributor of the Products. At all
times during the term of the distributorship created by this Agreement
and any extension thereof, Distributor shall use the Trademarks in all
advertisements and other activities conducted by Distributor to promote
the sale of the Products.

a.  Distributor shall submit examples of all proposed advertisements and
    other promotional materials for the Products to Company for
    inspection and Distributor shall not use any such advertisements or
    promotional materials without having received the prior written
    consent of Company to do so.

b.  Distributor shall not, pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, have
    or acquire any right, title or interest in or to Company\'s
    Trademarks.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **NEW PRODUCTS**

If Company or any Affiliate now or hereafter manufactures or
distributes, or proposes to manufacture or

distribute, any product other than the Products, Company shall
immediately notify, or cause such Affiliate to notify, Distributor of
that fact and of all details concerning that product. Distributor may
request from Company distribution rights for that product in the
Territory, or any portion thereof, and if so requested, Company shall
grant, or shall cause the subject Affiliate to grant, such distribution
rights to Distributor on

terms and conditions no less favorable than those provided in this
Agreement with respect to Products.

If Distributor does not obtain those distribution rights or obtains them
only for a portion of the Territory, and Company or an Affiliate later
desires to offer those distribution rights for the Territory or any
portion thereof to another party, Company shall first, or shall cause
such Affiliate to first, make that offer in writing to Distributor on
terms and conditions which shall be specified fully in that offer. That
offer shall contain a full description of the subject product and its
operation.

Distributor may request, and Company shall promptly provide, or shall
cause such Affiliate promptly to provide, further information concerning
the product or the offer. If Distributor fails to accept such offer,
Company or the Affiliate may then offer the product to another party for
distribution in the Territory, but may not offer it on terms and
conditions more favorable than those offered to Distributor. If Company
or the Affiliate desires to make a better offer to another party,
Company shall first, or shall cause the affiliate first to, make such
better offer to Distributor in accordance with the procedure set forth
above.

1.  **DISTRIBUTOR SALES, SERVICE AND STORAGE FACILITIES **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Distributor shall, at its expense, engage and maintain a sales,
    service and parts handling organization in the Territory, staffed
    with such experienced personnel as are necessary to enable
    distributor to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

b.  Distributor shall, at its expense, maintain facilities and personnel
    in the Territory that will enable it promptly and satisfactorily to
    perform, at a reasonable price, all inspection, maintenance and
    other necessary servicing of Products sold by Distributor. To assist
    Distributor in the discharge of this service and maintenance
    function, Company shall provide service and maintenance training,
    without charge, to any reasonable number of Distributor\'s personnel
    as Distributor shall designate.

c.  Distributor shall, at its expense, at all times store and maintain
    its inventory of Products in accordance with current, applicable
    instructions issued by Company from time to time.

d.  Distributor shall, at its expense, deliver one copy of Company\'s
    current, applicable operation and maintenance manual to each
    Customer at the time of sale and, at that time, Distributor shall,
    at its expense, fully explain and demonstrate to the customer the
    proper method of operating and maintaining the Products.

e.  Distributor shall mail to Company, during the term of the
    distributorship created by this Agreement and any extension thereof,
    prompt written notice of the address of each location at which
    products are stored, and the address of each facility established by
    Distributor to sell and service the Products. Company may, through
    its designated agent, inspect all such locations and facilities and
    the operations conducted therein at any time during normal business
    hours.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TRAINING OF DISTRIBUTOR**

As promptly as practicable after execution of the Agreement, Company
shall transmit to Distributor information, materials, manuals and other
technical documents necessary to enable Distributor to perform its
obligations under this Agreement and, in particular, to carry out the
warranty repairs pursuant to ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement. Throughout the
term of this Agreement and any extension thereof, Company shall continue
to give Distributor such technical assistance as Distributor may
reasonably request. Distributor shall reimburse Company for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Company in providing
technical assistance.

1.  **SPARE PARTS AND ACCESSORIES**

Distributor shall keep in stock an adequate supply of Spare Parts and
Accessories for the servicing of Goods. No Spare Parts or Accessories
not manufactured by Company shall be used in connection with the Goods
unless they have been approved in writing by Company.

1.  **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

Written Technical data, drawings, plans and engineering in technical
instructions pertaining to the Products are recognized by Distributor to
be secret and confidential and to be the property of Company.

Those items shall at all times and for all purposes be held by
Distributor in a confidential capacity and

shall not, without the prior written consent of Company, (i) be
disclosed by Distributor to any person, firm or corporation, excepting
those salaried employees of Distributor who are required to utilize such
items in connection with the sale, inspection, repair or servicing of
Products during the term of the distributorship created by this
Agreement or any extension thereof, or (ii) be disclosed to any person,
firm or corporation,

or copied or used by Distributor, its employees or agents at any time
following the expiration or termination of the distributorship created
by this Agreement or any extension thereof, except where such use is
necessary in order to maintain or service Products still covered by the
warranty provisions of ARTICLE 4 at the time of such expiration or
termination. Company may require as a condition to any disclosure by
Distributor pursuant to this Section that any salaried employee to whom
disclosure is to be made sign a secrecy agreement, enforceable by
Company, containing terms satisfactory to Company.

13. **TERMS OF PURCHASE AND SALE OF PRODUCTS**

    a.  Distributor shall purchase its requirements for the Products
        from Company. Such requirements shall include (i) purchasing and
        maintaining an inventory of Products that is sufficient to
        enable Distributor to perform its obligations hereunder,
        and (ii) at least one (1) demonstration model of the Goods and
        Accessories.

    b.  Each order for Products submitted by Distributor to Company
        shall be subject to the written acceptance of Company, and
        Company may, in its own discretion, accept or reject any order
        for Products without obligation or liability to Distributor by
        reason of its rejection of any such request.

    c.  Company shall supply to Distributor sufficient Products to
        enable Distributor to meet the full demand for Products in the
        Territory.

    d.  All orders for Products transmitted by Distributor to Company
        shall be deemed to be accepted by Company at the time such
        orders are received by Company to the extent that they are in
        compliance with the terms of this Agreement and Company shall
        perform in accordance with all accepted orders. Company shall
        confirm its receipt and acceptance of each order written
        \[NUMBER\] days of receipt of the order.

    e.  Purchases for Resale only. All Products purchased by Distributor
        shall be purchased solely for commercial resale or lease,
        excepting those Products reasonably required by Distributor for
        advertising and demonstration purposes.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
13. **ORDER PROCEDURE **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Each order for Products issued by Distributor to Company under this
    Agreement shall identify that it is an order and shall further set
    forth the delivery date or dates and the description and quantity of
    Products which are to be delivered on each of such dates. An order
    for Products shall not provide a delivery date less than \[NUMBER\]
    days after the date that order is delivered to Company.

b.  The individual contracts for the sale of Products formed by
    Distributor\'s submission of orders to Company pursuant to the terms
    and conditions hereof shall automatically incorporate, to the extent
    applicable, the terms and conditions hereof, shall be subject only
    to those terms and conditions (together with all terms in orders
    which are contemplated by this Agreement) and shall not be subject
    to any conflicting or additional terms included in any documents
    exchanged in connection therewith.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
13. **CANCELLATION OF ORDERS**

All cancellation of orders by Distributor shall be in writing, or if not
initially in writing, shall be confirmed in writing. If Distributor
cancels an order, which has been accepted by Company, Distributor shall
reimburse Company for any cost incident to such order incurred by
Company prior to the time it was informed of the cancellation.

13. **PURCHASE PRICE **

The prices for Goods, and any discounts applicable thereto, are set
forth in Exhibit B. The prices for Accessories, together with any
discounts applicable thereto, are set forth in Exhibit A. The prices for
Spare Parts, together with any discounts applicable thereto, are set
forth in Exhibit C. All prices are F.O.B. the Delivery Point. If the
price for any Product is not set forth on Exhibit A, B or C and
Distributor nevertheless orders such a Product from Company, the parties
hereby evidence their intention thereby to conclude a contract for the
sale of that Product at a reasonable price to be determined by the
Parties mutually negotiating in good faith.

13. **PRICE CHANGES**

Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change prices or
discounts applicable to the Products. Company shall give written notice
to Distributor of any price change at least \[NUMBER\] days prior to the
effective date thereof. The price in effect as of the date of
Distributor\'s receipt of notice of such price change shall remain
applicable to all orders received by Company prior to that effective
date.

13. **PACKING**

Company shall, at its expense, pack all Products in accordance with
Company\'s standard packing procedure, which shall be suitable to permit
shipment of the Products to the Territory; provided, however, that if
Distributor requests a modification of those procedures, Company shall
make the requested modification and Distributor shall bear any
reasonable expenses incurred by Company in complying with such modified
procedures which are in excess of the expenses which Company would have
incurred in following its standard procedures.

13. **DELIVERY: TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS**

All deliveries of Products sold by Company to Distributor pursuant to
this Agreement shall be made F.O.B. the Delivery Point, and title to and
risk of loss of Products shall pass from Company to Distributor at the
Delivery Point. Distributor shall be responsible for arranging all
transportation of Products, but if requested by Distributor, Company
shall, at Distributor\'s expense, assist Distributor in making such
arrangements. Distributor shall also procure insurance for the
transportation of the Products, and such insurance shall be of a kind
and on terms current at the port of shipment. In the event that Company
is requested to assist Distributor in arranging for transportation,
Distributor shall reimburse Company

for all costs applicable to the Products following their delivery to
Distributor, including, without limitation, insurance, transportation,
loading and unloading, handling and storage. Distributor shall pay all
charges, including customs duty and sales tax, incurred with respect to
the Products following their Delivery to the carrier or forwarder.

13. **INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE **

Promptly upon the receipt of a shipment of Products, Distributor shall
examine the shipment to determine whether any item or items included in
the shipment are in short supply, defective or damaged. Within
\[NUMBER\] days of receipt of the shipment, Distributor shall notify
Company in writing of any shortages, defects or damage which Distributor
claims existed at the time of delivery. Within \[NUMBER\] days after the
receipt of such notice, Company will investigate the claim of shortages,
defects or damage, inform Distributor of its findings, and deliver to
Distributor Products to replace any which Company determines, in

its sole discretion, were in short supply, defective or damaged at the
time of delivery.

13. **PAYMENT**

Upon delivery and acceptance of Products, Company may submit to
Distributor Company\'s invoice

for those Products. Distributor shall pay each such proper invoice
within \[NUMBER\] days after Distributor\'s receipt of that invoice.
Payment shall be made in \[CURRENCY\] to a bank account to be notified
in writing by Company to Distributor.

13. **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties and
there are no commitments, agreements, or understandings between the
parties other than those expressly set forth herein. This agreement
shall not be altered, waived, modified, or amended except in writing
signed by the parties hereto and notarized.

13. **ARBITRATION**

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract or
the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration to be held in the
\[CITY, STATE\], in accordance with the law in this jurisdiction, and
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in
any Court having jurisdiction thereof.

13. **SECRECY **

Distributor agrees not to disclose or use, except as required in
Distributor\'s duties, at any time, any information disclosed to or
acquired by Distributor during the term of this contract. Distributor
agrees that all confidential information shall be deemed to be and shall
be treated as a sole and exclusive property of the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on
\[DATE\].

PRINCIPAL AGENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
