**SALES AGENCY AGREEMENT**

This Sales Agency Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective this
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[PRINCIPAL NAME\]** (the \"Principal\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[AGENT NAME\]** (the \"Agent\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

    Â 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
herein contained the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  **RECITALS**

    a.  Principal is a manufacturer of \[PRODUCT\] and desires to
        appoint Agent as general sales Agent for the sale of Principal's
        product \[IF APPROPRIATE, ADD: AND OTHER REGULAR-LINE PRODUCTS
        AND ACCESSORIES OF PRINCIPAL\] in the following territory:
        \[DESCRIBE TERRITORY\].

    b.  Agent desires to accept such appointment and to perform all the
        provisions of this agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DURATION**

The term of the agency created shall be \[PERIOD OF TIME\], beginning
\[DATE\], unless sooner terminated.

1.  **AGENT'S BEST EFFORTS**

Agent agrees to devote Agent's whole time and best efforts to the
business of Principal in the described territory under the direction of
Principal's officers or representatives, and to conform to the best of
Agent's ability with the rules, regulations and instructions of
Principal now in force or that may be adopted and mailed to Agent's
address. Agent shall employ salespersons to assist Agent, on such terms
and conditions as Principal may require, as set forth in this agreement.

1.  **NONDISCLOSURE OF PRINCIPAL'S AFFAIRS**

Agent agrees to keep confidential such information as Principal may from
time to time impart to Agent regarding Principal's business affairs and
customers. Agent will not, in whole or in part, now or at any time,
disclose such information.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT OF AGENT'S INVENTIONS**

Agent agrees, in view of the confidential information regarding
Principal's business affairs, plans and necessities, that Agent will be
in a position to obtain from time to time, and in partial consideration
of the commissions agreed to be paid to Agent under this agreement, that
Agent, on demand, will assign to Principal, or Principal's successors or
assigns, any inventions or improvements Agent may make during the agency
with Principal that relate to Principal's product. Agent also will sign
any papers and do any acts that may be needed to secure to Principal, or
Principal's successors or assigns, any rights relating to such
inventions and improvements, including patents in \[COUNTRY\] and
foreign countries.

1.  **COMMISSIONS**

    a.  Agent, during the term of the agreement, shall receive a
        commission from the sale of Principal's product \[IF
        APPROPRIATE, ADD: AND OTHER REGULAR-LINE PRODUCTS AND
        ACCESSORIES\] sold for use in Agent's territory, whether sold by
        Agent or by Principal, or others, except as provided in this
        agreement.

    b.  Agent's commission on sales made pursuant to this agreement
        shall be as follows: \[DESCRIBE\].

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SALES SUBJECT TO COMMISSIONS**

This agreement shall apply to business procured at the time of visits to
Agent's territory by Principal's superintendent, and also to all
business subsequently procured either by Agent, Principal's
superintendent or other representative of Principal, from customers
previously worked within \[NUMBER\] months from the date of the latest
visit of Principal's superintendent or other representative.

1.  **WHEN COMMISSIONS ARE PAID**

    a.  Any commission to be received under this agreement shall not be
        credited to Agent's account on Principal's books until the
        purchaser has made settlement in full with Principal, either by
        cash or acceptable notes \[SPECIFY\] \[IF APPROPRIATE, ADD: AND
        HAS DELIVERED TO PRINCIPAL OR AN AUTHORIZED AGENT OF PRINCIPAL
        ANY RETURNABLE PRODUCTS\]. If settlement is made wholly or in
        part by purchaser's notes, Principal may withhold payment of the
        commission in whole or in part until the notes are paid.

    b.  Agent's account may be charged with the amount of any commission
        previously paid to Agent or credited to Agent's account for the
        unpaid part of the purchase price of \[PRODUCT\], or the unpaid
        part of any note given in payment.

    c.  When Principal repossesses a product, Agent shall receive
        commission only on the amount of money paid by purchaser prior
        to repossession.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMMISSIONS ON TRADE-INS**

Principal shall have the right to fix the amount to be allowed for
products taken in exchange, and a commission will not be paid on the
amount so allowed.

1.  **SALES THROUGH OTHER SALES CHANNELS**

Agent waives any claim to a commission on any sales made in Agent's
territory other than through Principal's offices or regular sales
agencies when, in the opinion of Principal, the general conditions of
the business in any part of the \[COUNTRY\] necessitate the sale of
Principal's product through other sales channels.

1.  **SALES IN OR FROM OTHER TERRITORIES**

    a.  Agent agrees not to enter the territory of any other Sales Agent
        of Principal for the purpose of selling Principal's product, or
        to endeavor, directly or indirectly, to make sales of
        Principal's product for use outside of Agent's territory. Should
        a purchaser call on Agent voluntarily and purchase Principal's
        product for use outside of Agent's territory, Agent shall
        receive commissions as follows: \[DESCRIBE\].

    b.  Agent further agrees that, when any other authorized sales Agent
        of Principal sells Principal's product for use in Agent's
        territory, Agent's account shall be credited with the regular
        commission, less the commission paid Agent making the sale.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DISPUTES ON COMMISSIONS**

Principal shall have the right to determine, in any dispute arising
between Agent and any other sales Agent of Principal, the right to
commission on any sale, and Agent shall abide by and be bound by
Principal's decision.

1.  **LIMITATION ON COMMISSION CLAIMS**

Agent waives all claim for commission on sales of Principal's product,
whether made by Agent or others, and all other claims of any nature
whatever, if the claim is not made within \[MONTHS\] from the date of
termination of this agreement.

1.  **AGENT NOT TO SHARE COMMISSION**

Under no circumstances, without permission of Principal, may Agent give
any part of Agent's commission to any assistant, local Agent or other
person to assist Agent in making a sale.

1.  **CONTENTS OF ORDERS**

    a.  All orders for Principal's product shall be taken on printed
        forms furnished by Principal, and all such orders shall be sent
        to Principal immediately after being signed by purchasers. The
        orders shall contain all conditions and agreements of every
        nature whatsoever between the parties to the sale, it being
        agreed that Principal shall not be responsible for promises or
        conditions not specified on the orders. Principal's product
        shall not be sold for more or less than the list price
        established by Principal.

    b.  If Principal is compelled to make any concessions to customers
        or incur any expense by reason of a violation of these
        requirements, the amount of the expense may be charged to
        Agent's account.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ACCEPTANCE OF ORDERS BY PRINCIPAL**

Orders taken by Agent shall not be binding until accepted by Principal.
Principal reserves the right to reject any order when, in the judgment
of Principal, the product ordered may not be suitable to the business of
the customer.

1.  **AGENT NOT TO COMPETE**

Agent, having agreed to devote Agent's whole time to Principal's
business, shall not purchase or deal in \[PRODUCT\] on Agent's own
account in any way during the continuance of this agreement. Agent will
not engage, directly or indirectly, either for Agent or as employee of
any other party, in manufacturing, buying, selling or dealing in
\[PRODUCT\], in the territory described, for a period of \[PERIOD OF
TIME\], after the termination of the agency created by this agreement,
without the written consent of Principal.

1.  **REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE OF PRODUCT**

Agent shall promptly and properly make necessary repairs on Principal's
product in Agent's territory if such repairs can be made by Agent, and
to cooperate with and aid Principal in making all other such repairs in
Agent's territory, in such manner as Principal may direct.

1.  **COMPROMISE AND COLLECTION OF ACCOUNTS**

A. Principal shall have full control of and discretion as to the
collection, adjustment or compromise of any or all accounts for
Principal's products sold by Agent. If Principal requests Agent to make
any collection, or to obtain possession of Principal's product or other
property, whether the request relates to a sale made by Agent or any
Agent that preceded Agent in the territory, Agent shall do so promptly.

B. Principal shall determine whether to take a lien on Principal's
product sold by Agent. Principal shall not be liable to Agent for any
loss of commission or other claim, by reason of failure to take such
lien, or by reason of any compromise or adjustment of any account or
accounts or notes for products sold by Agent, or any failure for any
reason to collect any part of the account or notes.

1.  **REMITTALS BY AGENT**

Agent agrees to remit \[DAILY/WEEKLY\] to Principal, in the manner
prescribed by \[THE TREASURER\], of Principal or to deposit
\[DAILY/WEEKLY\] in a bank or other financial institution designated by
Principal's \[TREASURER\], all money, checks and drafts received by
Agent for Principal, including any received for repair parts and
supplies sold. In no event will Agent use any money collected for
Principal to defray the expenses of the agency, or for any other
purpose, or deposit the funds in any bank or other financial institution
to Agent's own credit.

1.  **AGENT'S EXPENSES**

All expenses for traveling, entertainment, office, clerical, office and
equipment maintenance, and general selling expenses that may be incurred
by Agent in connection with this agreement will be borne wholly by
Agent. In no case shall Principal be responsible or liable for such
expenses.

1.  **ACCOUNTING ON TERMINATION**

    a.  Agent authorizes Principal, on termination of the agency created
        by this agreement, to pay any outstanding indebtedness,
        including amounts due Agent and Agent's employees incurred in
        the management of the agency, and to charge the amount to
        Agent's account. Principal shall not be bound to pay any such
        indebtedness, unless Principal shall elect to do so. Payment of
        part of Agent's indebtedness by Principal shall not raise any
        obligation on Principal's part to pay the whole of the
        indebtedness. An assignment of Agent's account, or any part of
        it, shall not be binding on Principal unless accepted in writing
        by Principal's \[TREASURER\].

    b.  On termination of this agreement, Principal shall proceed in the
        customary manner to collect notes and open accounts for
        purchases of Principal's product sold by Agent and shall charge
        against Agent's account the commission previously credited on
        such amounts of notes and accounts as are uncollected. Principal
        also shall charge Agent's account with Agent's proportion of any
        collection expense. This provision shall continue in force until
        a final account can be stated; no money shall be due Agent under
        this agreement after its termination until the final account can
        be stated.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **OBJECTIONS TO ACCOUNTING; LIMITATIONS**

Agent agrees that all objections to statements of account rendered by
Principal are waived, unless written notice is given by Agent and unless
such notice reaches Principal within \[NUMBER\] days after rendition of
the statement by Principal.

1.  **SURETY BOND OF AGENT**

Agent agrees to furnish Principal with a fidelity bond of \[AMOUNT\], to
be issued by a responsible surety company and conditioned on the
faithful performance of Agent's duties in the agency created by this
agreement. All premiums on such bond shall be paid by Agent.

1.  **EXAMINATION OF AGENT'S ACCOUNTS**

Agent agrees that officers or authorized representatives of Principal
shall have, on demand, access to and the right to examine and make
copies of all books of accounts, vouchers and papers of Agent, in order
to ascertain whether the business of Agent is being conducted in a
manner satisfactory to Principal.

1.  **DISPOSITION OF PRODUCTS; CONSIGNMENT**

    a.  Agent agrees, on demand, to account for and deliver to
        Principal, in good condition, all products charged to Agent's
        consignment account. If Agent fails to deliver any product, the
        product may be charged to Agent's account at list price, if
        Principal so elects, but nothing contained in this agreement
        shall prevent Principal from exercising other legal remedies to
        recover possession of such products.

    b.  In the event any of Principal's products shall have been kept on
        consignment by Agent for such period of time that they have
        become unsaleable as new, Principal may order their return to
        the factory, in which event the freight charges from Agent's
        office to the factory shall be paid by Agent.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INSURANCE PREMIUMS; TAXES**

Principal shall insure against loss by fire all products delivered on
consignment to Agent, charging the premium paid for the insurance to
Agent's account. Agent shall pay all personal property taxes levied on
consigned products, or shall pay such tax as may be levied in lieu of a
personal property tax.

1.  **COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS**

Agent agrees, for the benefit of Agent's employees and subagents, to
comply in all respects with the workers' compensation laws of any state
or states of which Agent's territory may be a part, and to pay the
premiums and other costs and expenses incident to such coverage.

1.  **CUSTOMER LIST; SALES CALLS**

    a.  Agent agrees to keep a list of probable purchasers, and also a
        list of users, of Principal's products in Agent's territory.
        Both lists shall show the name, nature and address of each
        business concern listed. The user's list shall also show the
        style and factory number of Principal's product in use.

    b.  Agent agrees to send to Principal, on the form furnished by
        Principal, a list of all persons called on by Agent or Agent's
        employees in connection with Principal's business. The list
        shall show the name, nature and address of each business concern
        called on, and the object and results of the call.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DEPRECIATION OF AGENCY PROPERTY**

The office furniture, personal property and fixtures used by Agent in
Principal's business shall be invoiced and appraised at least once each
year by Agent and a representative of Principal, and a deduction of not
less than \[%\] per year shall be made to cover wear and tear in
ordinary depreciation.

1.  **PURCHASE OF AGENCY PROPERTY**

Principal shall have an option of purchase of all or any part of the
supplies, repair parts, vehicles and sundries in stock or on hand at the
time of termination of the agency, at the current price, less proper
deductions for obsolescence and depreciation, if any. Such price shall
be paid to Agent or credited on Agent's account with Principal, as
Principal may elect.

1.  **EMPLOYMENT OF SUBAGENTS**

Agent agrees not to employ any salespersons to assist in the agency,
except under written agreement by the terms of which Principal shall be
released from all liability for any indebtedness from Agent to such
salespersons. Agent agrees not to employ any person until Agent has
supplied Principal with full particulars regarding such person, on the
form furnished by Principal, giving the person's name, record, previous
occupation, etc., and until Principal's assent to such employment has
been received.

1.  **MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION**

Principal at any time may alter and change the boundaries and territory
covered by this agency agreement. The agency created by this agreement
may be terminated by either party by written notice mailed or delivered
to the last known address of the other party. This agreement covers all
agreements between Agent and Principal relating to the employment of
Agent for the handling of Principal's product.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

The enforcement and interpretation of this agreement shall be governed
by the laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

The parties have executed this agreement at \[DESIGNATE PLACE OF
EXECUTION\] the day and year first above written.

PRINCIPAL AGENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
