#### AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES BY ANOTHER STOCKHOLDER OR BY THE CORPORATION

This Agreement of Purchase and Sale of Shares (the "Agreement"), is made
and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[STOCKHOLDER 1 NAME\]** an individual having is principal
place of living located at:

\[ADDRESS\]

**\[STOCKHOLDER 2 NAME\]** an individual having is principal place of
living located at:

\[ADDRESS\]

Hereinafter separately referred to as \"Stockholder\", and jointly as
\"Stockholders\"

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Corporation\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

\[ADDRESS\]

**WITNESSETH: **

WHEREAS, the Stockholders together own \[%\] of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Corporation, and

WHEREAS, as used herein, the term \"shares\" shall mean all shares of
common stock, at \[VALUE\] par share, of the Corporation now owned or
hereafter acquired by the parties, and

WHEREAS, the Stockholders are actively engaged in the conduct of the
business of the Corporation, and it is contemplated that success or
failure of the corporate enterprise will at all times depend in large
measure on the personal abilities of the Stockholders, and

WHEREAS, there is not now, nor is there likely in the future to be a
substantial market for the shares of the Corporation, and

WHEREAS, for the foregoing reasons, the parties desire to provide for
the purchase by another Stockholder or by the Corporation of the stock
of any party desiring to sell the same; and for the purchase by the
Corporation of the stock of a deceased party.

IT IS THEREFORE AGREED, in consideration of the mutual promises and
covenants hereinafter set forth, as follows:

1.  **RESTRICTION DURING LIFE**

No stockholder shall transfer or encumber any of his shares of capital
stock of the Corporation during his lifetime to any person, firm or
corporation, without the consent of the Corporation and the other
Stockholder, unless the Stockholder desiring to make the transfer or
encumber (hereinafter referred to also as the \"Transferor\") shall have
first made the offer hereinafter described and such offer shall not have
been accepted.

a.  **Offer by the Transferor**

The offer shall be given pro rata initially to the other Stockholder(s)
and shall consist of an offer to sell or encumber all of the shares of
the capital stock of the Corporation owned by the Transferor, to which
shall be attached a statement of intention to transfer, the name and
address of such prospective transferee, the number of shares of capital
stock involved, and the terms of such transfer or encumbrance.

a.  **Acceptance of Offer**

Within \[NUMBER\] days after the receipt of such offer the other
Stockholder(s) may, at their option, elect to accept the offer. If such
offer is not accepted by the other Stockholder(s), the Corporation may
within \[NUMBER\] days after the rejection of such offer, at its option,
elect to accept the offer. The Corporation shall exercise its election
to purchase by giving notice thereof to the Transferor and to the other
Stockholder(s). The other Stockholder(s) shall exercise the election to
purchase by giving notice thereof to the Transferor and to the
Corporation. In either event, the notice shall specify a date for the
closing of the transaction, which shall not be more than \[NUMBER\] days
after the date of the giving of such notice.

a.  **Purchase Price**

The purchase price for, or the consideration for the encumbrance of the
shares of the capital stock of the Corporation owned by the Transferor
shall be set forth in paragraph 3 hereof.

a.  **Closing of Transaction**

The closing of the transaction shall take place at the principal office
of the Corporation. The consideration shall be paid as provided for in
paragraph 3 hereof. Certificates for all shares sold or encumbered
hereunder, property endorsed to Corporation or to the purchasing
Stockholder, as the case may be, shall be delivered by transferor not
later than the date of closing.

a.  **Release from Restriction**

If the offer is neither accepted by the Corporation nor by the other
Stockholder(s), the Transferor may make a bona fide transfer to the
prospective transferee named in the statement attached to the offer,
such transfer to be made only in strict accordance with the terms
therein stated. However, if the Transferor shall fail to make such
transfer within \[NUMBER\] days following the expiration of the election
period by the other Stockholder(s), such shares of capital stock shall
again become subject to all of the restrictions of this Agreement,
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be construed as
releasing any shares of this Corporation from any restriction or
requirement of law concerning transfer of such shares.

a.  **Termination of Employment**

Any Stockholder whose employment in any capacity with the company or its
subsidiaries terminates for any reason whatsoever, voluntarily or
involuntarily, shall be considered as of the date of such termination of
employment to have made an offer of all of his shares of stock subject
to the terms of this Agreement, at the purchase price stated in
paragraph 3 hereof.

a.  **Subchapter \"S\" Election**

If at the time of a transfer of stock permitted hereunder, the
Corporation then is an \"S\" corporation, the transferee and new
stockholder shall be required to consent in writing not to revoke such
\"S\" election without the unanimous approval of all other stockholders.

Upon the death of a Stockholder (hereinafter referred to as Decedent),
all of the shares of the capital tock of the Corporation owned by him,
and to which he or his estate shall be entitled, shall be sold and
purchased as hereinafter provided:

a.  **Obligation of the Corporation to Purchase**

It shall be for the Corporation to purchase from the Decedent\'s
Personal Representative, and the Decedent\'s Personal Representative
shall be obligated to sell to the Corporation, all of the shares of the
capital stock of the Corporation owned by the Decedent and to which the
Decedent or his Personal Representative shall be entitled, at the price
set forth in paragraph 3 hereof.

a.  **Closing**

The closing of such purchase and sale shall take place at the offices of
the Corporation, at a date selected by the Corporation upon \[NUMBER\]
days notice to the Transferor which date shall be not more than
\[NUMBER\] days following the date of the qualification of the Personal
Representative and not less than \[NUMBER\] days following such date.

a.  **Insurance**

To insure or partially insure its obligation under this Agreement to
purchase from the estate of a deceased Stockholder the shares owned by
him prior to his death, the Corporation shall have the option to
purchase policies of insurance covering the lives of each Stockholder in
any amount deemed desirable. In the event any Stockholder ceases to be a
Stockholder of the Corporation, the Corporation shall terminate any such
insurance on such Stockholder\'s life and in the event any Stockholder
increases his holdings of the shares of the Corporation, the Corporation
shall procure and maintain, if so desired by it, additional insurance on
the life of such Stockholder proportionate to the increase in the
holdings of such Stockholder.

If the corporation shall receive any proceeds of any policy on the life
of the Decedent, such proceeds shall be used by the Corporation to pay
the Decedent\'s Personal Representative to the extent of the purchase
price of the Decedent\'s stock, such payment to be deemed made on
account of such purchase price.

a.  **Balance of Purchase Price**

If the amount of any insurance proceeds is insufficient to pay the
purchase price of any Decedent\'s shares, then the balance of the
purchase price remaining after credit for any insurance proceeds shall
be payable as follows: \[%\] of the balance due to be paid shall be paid
in cash, and the balance shall be represented by a promissory note
executed by the purchaser payable in \[NUMBER\] installments, which note
shall be secured by the stock of the deceased Stockholder.

a.  **\"S\" Election**

If the corporation is an \"S\" corporation at the time of the transfer
and sale of its stock, the transferee and new stockholder shall be
required to consent in writing not to revoke such \"S\" election without
the unanimous approval of all other stockholders. Such written consent
shall be submitted prior to the delivery of the shares to the
transferee.

1.  **CONSIDERATION**

Unless the parties agree to another price in writing, the price for each
share of capital stock to be sold under this Agreement shall be equal to
its fair market value as an on-going business concern as determined in
the sole discretion of the company\'s Certified Public Accountant, (CPA)
and such determination by the CPA shall be binding and conclusive upon
the parties hereto.

Unless the parties agree otherwise, the purchase price shall be paid as
follows:

i.  \[%\] of the amount determined to be due as the price to be paid at
    the closing in addition to any insurance proceeds and the balance to
    be payable by the execution of a promissory note in such amount to
    be repaid in \[number\] installments, such note to be secured by the
    stock being sold.

ii. The promissory note shall bear interest until paid in full at the
    prime rate as determined from time to time by \[BANK NAME\] or any
    other bank as determined by and agreed upon by the Stockholders.

iii. In the event that suit shall be required to collect on the
     promissory notes above referred to, then in such event, the
     defaulting Stockholder or the Corporation shall pay for attorney
     fees, and courts costs, incurred in such action.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LIMITATION ON STOCKHOLDER\'S RIGHT TO PLEDGE STOCK**

The restrictions of paragraph 1 above shall not apply to encumbrances as
collateral for a note or notes in favor of the company or any one or
more of the other Stockholders or in favor of a recognized lending
institution, but only if the proceeds of such loan are used in their
entirety to purchase shares of the Corporation and the borrowing
Stockholder delivers to the Corporation and the other Stockholder(s) the
written commitment of the lender, in form acceptable to the Corporation
that such lender will not dispose of such shares without first affording
the Corporation and the other Stockholder(s) the right for a period of
\[NUMBER\] days to purchase shares at a price satisfactory to the
Corporation and the other Stockholder(s).

1.  **CORPORATE RESTRICTIONS AFTER PURCHASE**

So long as any part of the purchase price of shares of capital stock
sold in accordance with this Agreement remains unpaid, the Corporation
shall not:

i.  declare or pay dividends on its capital stock;

ii. reorganize its capital structure;

iii. merge or consolidate with any other corporation, or sell any of its
     assets except in the regular course of business;

iv. increase the salary of any officer or executive employee of the
    Corporation;

v.  allow any of its obligations to become in default; or

vi. allow any judgments against the Corporation or any liens against the
    Corporation\'s property to remain unsatisfied.

So long as any part of such purchase price remains unpaid, the
Transferor, or the Personal Representative of the Decedent shall have
the right to examine the books and records of the Corporation from time
to time and to receive copies of all accounting reports and tax returns
prepared for the Corporation. If the Corporation breaches any of its
obligations under this paragraph, the Transferor or the Personal
Representative, in addition to any other remedies available, may elect
to declare the entire unpaid purchase price due and payable forthwith.

1.  **PURCHASE BY STOCKHOLDER**

Whenever a Stockholder purchases shares of capital stock under this
Agreement, such purchaser (unless he shall have paid the entire purchase
price in cash) shall, following the delivery of the purchased stock,
endorse the new certificates of stock issued to such purchaser, and
deliver the same to the Seller as collateral security for the payment of
the unpaid purchase price; and such capital stock shall be so held until
the entire purchase price shall be paid. While such capital shall be so
held as collateral security and so long as the Purchaser is not in
default, the Purchaser shall be entitled to all voting rights with
respect thereto. Dividends paid shall be applied to the indebtedness.

1.  **PURCHASE BY CORPORATION**

Whenever the Corporation shall, pursuant to this Agreement, be required
to purchase shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, the
Stockholders and the Personal Representative of any Decedent shall do
all things and execute and deliver all papers as may be necessary to
consummate such purchase. Any note required to be given hereunder by the
Corporation as part of the purchase price shall be endorsed and
guaranteed by the remaining or surviving Stockholders, who shall not be
discharged from such liability by reason of the subsequent extension,
modification or renewal of any such note. Until all amounts due are
paid, the stock certificates shall be delivered to Seller.

1.  **ENDORSEMENT ON STOCK CERTIFICATES**

Each certificate representing shares of capital stock of the Corporation
now or hereafter held by the Stockholders shall contain with a legend
insubstantially the following form: \"The transfer or encumbrance of the
shares of stock represented by the within certificate is restricted
under the terms of an Agreement dated \[DATE\] a copy of which is on
file at the Corporation office.\"

1.  **VALUE OF PURCHASE PRICE FOR TAX PURPOSES**

It is understood that the purchase price, determined as set forth
hereinabove, shall be the value of the purchased shares for all tax
purposes. In the event such value is later increased by any federal or
state taxing authority, any tax liability resulting from such increase
shall be borne by the selling Stockholder or his Personal
Representative, as the case may be.

1.  **AMENDMENTS**

This Agreement may be amended or altered by execution of a written
agreement authorized by corporate resolution and signed by all the
parties hereto.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any and all notices, designations, consents, offers, acceptances, or any
other communication provided for herein, shall be given in writing by
registered or certified mail addressed, in the case of the Stockholders,
to his address appearing on the stock books of the Corporation, or to
his residence, or to such other address as may be designated by him, and
in the case of the Corporation, to the principal office of the
Corporation, postage prepaid, by United States Mail, and shall be
considered to have been delivered on the \[DAY\] day following the date
stamped by the post office.

1.  **INVALID PROVISION**

The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof and the Agreement
shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable
provision had been omitted.

1.  **MODIFICATION**

It is understood between the parties that this Agreement contains the
entire understanding of the parties and no change or modification of
this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed
by all the parties hereto.

1.  **BINDING EFFECT**

This Agreement shall bind and, unless inconsistent with its provisions,
shall inure to the benefit of the Executor, Administrator or Personal
Representative, and the heirs and assigns of each of the Stockholders.

1.  **PRIOR AGREEMENT**

This Agreement supersedes any prior Agreement of the parties.

1.  **DEADLOCK**

If at any time the Stockholders cannot agree on the Certified Public
Accountant of the company and therefore are unable to establish an
acceptable price for purchase, the matter shall be submitted to
arbitration in the following manner:

i.  Each Stockholder shall, within \[NUMBER\] days after notice of such
    deadlock, appoint a Certified Public Accountant, and the two
    accountants shall then appoint a third Certified Public Accountant
    within \[NUMBER\] days after the two accountants are selected, and
    the average of purchase price determined by them shall be final,
    conclusive and binding upon the Stockholders, their executors,
    administrators and personal representatives, and a judgment on such
    determination may be obtained in any court of proper jurisdiction.
    The cost of such accounting shall be borne equally by the parties
    unable to reach agreement hereunder.

ii. In the event any one of the Stockholders shall fail within the given
    time to select a Certified Public Accountant to represent him to
    resolve the dispute, then and in such event, the remaining
    Stockholder shall have the right to institute suit for specific
    performance under this Agreement, and the defaulting Stockholder
    shall pay for all attorney fees and court costs of such action.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
17. **INDEBTEDNESS OF A STOCKHOLDER**

In the event that there is a purchase and sale of shares of stock or
interest therein, pursuant to the provisions hereinabove, and there is
any indebtedness owed by the selling Stockholder or his estate to any
party to this Agreement, then, notwithstanding the said provisions
relating to the payment of the purchase price, and any amount to be paid
for the stock being purchased shall be applied first to reduce and
satisfy any indebtedness owed by the Selling Stockholder or his estate
to any party under this Agreement.

17. **DEFAULT**

In the event of a default in the payment of any installment of the
purchase price, the covenants and conditions of this Agreement, or any
Security Agreement given to Sellers, Sellers may declare the entire
unpaid portion of the purchase price to be immediately due and payable,
and may proceed to enforce payment of same and to exercise any and all
rights and remedies provided by the Uniform Commercial Code as well as
any other rights and remedies either at law or in equity available to
them, and Seller may assign, sell or transfer all or any part of the
collateral in such manner, at such price, and on such terms and
conditions as Sellers, in their sole and absolute discretion, may
determine. Sellers or the Corporation shall have the right to purchase
any or all of the collateral, apply any unpaid indebtedness on account
thereof, and have a claim against Purchaser for the balance of such
indebtedness in addition to any and all remedies available to them at
law or in equity.

17. **VOTING**

It is understood and agreed that until the purchase price shall have
been paid in full, the Purchaser shall have no voting rights whatsoever.

17. **TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT**

This Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of one of the
following events:

i.  The written agreement of the parties hereto or their successors in
    interest to that effect;

ii. The bankruptcy, receivership, or dissolution of the Corporation;

iii. The disposal of all the shares of stock of any Stockholder during
     his lifetime or by his Personal Representative or estate upon his
     death, shall terminate this Agreement as to such retiring or
     deceased Stockholder; or

iv. All of the issued and outstanding stock of the Corporation becoming
    owned by one of the Stockholders of the Corporation.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
17. **LAWS GOVERNED BY**

This Agreement is executed in and shall be construed by and governed
under the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

**22. WITHDRAWAL FROM CORPORATION**

Any Stockholder may withdraw from participation in the Corporation at
any time in accordance with the following provisions:

a.  **Notice to Corporation**

Such Stockholder (\"Withdrawing Stockholder\") shall give notice to the
Corporation at least \[NUMBER\] days prior to the date (he) (she) wants
to withdraw (\"Withdrawal Date\") which notice shall set forth the
Withdrawal Date.

a.  **Offer to Corporation**

Within \[NUMBER\] days after receipt of such notice, the Corporation
may, at its option, elect to purchase all, but not less than all, of the
Withdrawing Stockholder\'s shares. The Corporation shall exercise its
option to purchase by giving written notice thereof to the Withdrawing
Stockholder within said \[NUMBER\] day period. Such written notice shall
specify a date for the closing of the purchase, which shall not be more
than \[NUMBER\] days after the date of the giving of such notice. The
purchase price for the shares to be paid by the Corporation and terms of
payment therefore shall be as set forth in Paragraph 3 hereof.

a.  **Acceptance by Stockholders**

If the Corporation fails to exercise said option within said \[NUMBER\]
day period, then for a \[NUMBER\] day period thereafter the other
Stockholder(s) of the Corporation shall have the option to purchase such
shares, such option to be exercised in the same manner as that of the
Corporation, and the purchase price and terms of payment to be the same
for the Stockholder(s) as for the Corporation as set forth in Paragraph
3 hereof. The option may be exercised by the Stockholders pro rata
(based on that proportion which the number of shares owned by each other
Stockholder bears to the total number of shares then outstanding, not
counting the shares proposed to be sold), and if one (or more) of the
Stockholders does not desire to exercise his option, then his option
shall be exercisable on a pro rata basis by the other Stockholders (not
counting for any purpose, the shares proposed to be sold or the shares
owned by any Stockholder who does not desire to exercise his option); or
the option may be exercised by the other Stockholders on such basis as
they may agree upon.

a.  **Dissolution and Liquidation**

In the event that neither the Corporation nor the other Stockholder(s)
purchase the shares of the Withdrawing Stockholder, the other
Stockholder(s) agree to execute a consent voluntarily dissolving the
Corporation. In addition, the Stockholder(s) agree to liquidate the
assets of the Corporation as soon as practicable thereafter.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto set their hands and
seals the day and year first above written. Signed, Sealed and Delivered
in the Presence of: \"STOCKHOLDERS\"

STOCKHOLDER STOCKHOLDER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

CORPORATION

Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title

\[CORPORATE SEAL\]
