**BILL OF SALE**

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY A NAME\]** (the \"Seller\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[COMPANY B NAME\]** (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

The parties agree as follows:

The Seller for and in consideration of the sum of \[AMOUNT\], receipt of
which is acknowledged, does sell, grant, convey, transfer and assign to
the Buyer its successors and assigns, all of Seller's outstanding stock,
of which \[NUMBER\] shares of common stock and \[NUMBER\] shares of
preferred stock constitute all of the outstanding stock of Seller, all
property and assets, real and personal, tangible and intangible, of
every kind and description owned by Seller, which are listed in Schedule
\"A\" annexed hereto, which is incorporated herein and made a part
hereof.

**TO HAVE AND TO HOLD** to Buyer, its successors and assigns, forever.

**AND **Buyer, in further consideration of the transfer and assignment,
agrees to assume and pay the liabilities of Seller, if any.

**AND** the Seller for itself, its successors and assigns, covenants and
agrees to warrants that said goods and chattels are free and clear of
all encumbrances, that it has full right and title to sell the same, and
that it will warrant and defend the same against the claims and demands
of all persons.

The Seller hereby warrants and covenants that I shall not within
\[NUMBER\] years of the date of this instrument engage in the business
of \[BUSINESS TYPE\] within \[TERRITORY\].

The Seller has caused this bill of sale to be signed by its President,
its corporate seal to be affixed to it and attested to by its Secretary
on \[DATE\].

\[CORPORATION A NAME\] ATTEST

\[PRESIDENT NAME\] \[SECRETARY NAME\]

President Secretary

\[CORPORATION B NAME\]

\[PRESIDENT NAME\]

President

\[CORPORATE A SEAL\]
