Contact Name

Address

Address2

City, State/Province

Zip/Postal Code

**OBJECT: COMPANY CREDIT ACCOUNT APPROVAL**

Dear \[CONTACT NAME\],

This letter confirms your and our mutual intentions with respect to the
potential transaction described herein between \[NAME OF BUYER\]
("Buyer") and \[NAME OF SELLER\] ("Seller").

**1. PRICES AND TERMS**

We envisage that the principal terms of the proposed transaction would
be substantially as follows:

a.  **Business to be Acquired; Liabilities to be Assumed**

We would acquire substantially all of the assets, tangible and
intangible, owned by Seller that are used in, or necessary for the
conduct of, its \[BUSINESS TYPE\] business, including, without
limitation: (i) the \[MAIN PRODUCT\], subject to any obligations
contained in disclosed license agreements and all related intellectual
property; (ii) the fixed assets of Seller, (iii) any and all customer
lists; and (iv) the goodwill associated therewith, all free and clear of
any security interests, mortgages or other encumbrances.

a.  **Consideration**

The aggregate consideration for the assets and business to be purchased
would be \[AMOUNT\]; provided, however, that the working capital
(current assets less current liabilities) of the business to be
purchased equals or exceeds \[AMOUNT\], as shown on a closing date
balance sheet prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

a.  **Due Diligence Review**

Promptly following the execution of this letter of intent, you will
allow us to complete our examination of your financial, accounting and
business records and the contracts and other legal documents and
generally to complete due diligence. Any information obtained by us as a
result thereof will be maintained by us in confidence subject to the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement executed by the parties and dated
\[DATE\] (the "Confidentiality Agreement"). The parties will cooperate
to complete due diligence expeditiously.

a.  **Conduct in Ordinary Course**

In addition to the conditions discussed herein and any others to be
contained in a definitive written purchase agreement (the "Purchase
Agreement"), consummation of the acquisition would be subject to having
conducted your business in the ordinary course during the period between
the date hereof and the date of closing and there having been no
material adverse change in your business, financial condition or
prospects.

a.  **Definitive Purchase Agreement**

All of the terms and conditions of the proposed transaction would be
stated in the Purchase Agreement, to be negotiated, agreed and executed
by you and us. Neither party intends to be bound by any oral or written
statements or correspondence concerning the Purchase Agreement arising
during the course of negotiations, notwithstanding that the same may be
expressed in terms signifying a partial, preliminary or interim
agreement between the parties.

a.  **Employment Agreement**

Simultaneously with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, we would
enter into employment agreements with \[OWNER A NAME\] and \[OWNER B
NAME\] on such terms and conditions as would be negotiated and agreed by
them and us, including mutually agreeable provisions regarding term,
base and incentive compensation, confidentiality, assignment to us of
intellectual property rights in past and future work product and
restrictions on competition. We would also offer employment to
substantially all of Seller's employees and would expect the management
team to use its reasonable best efforts to assist us to employ these
individuals.

a.  **Timing**

We and you would use all reasonable efforts to complete and sign the
Purchase Agreement on or before \[DATE\] and to close the transaction as
promptly as practicable thereafter.

2.  **EXPENSES**

You and we will pay our respective expenses incident to this letter of
intent, the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby.

2.  **PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS**

Neither you nor we will make any announcement of the proposed
transaction contemplated by this letter of intent prior to the execution
of the Purchase Agreement without the prior written approval of the
other, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The
foregoing shall not restrict in any respect your or our ability to
communicate information concerning this letter of intent and the
transactions contemplated hereby to your and our, and your and our
respective affiliates', officers, directors, employees and professional
advisers, and, to the extent relevant, to third parties whose consent is
required in connection with the transaction contemplated by this letter
of intent.

2.  **BROKER'S FEES**

You and we have represented to each other than no brokers or finders
have been employed who would be entitled to a fee by reason of the
transaction contemplated by this letter of intent.

2.  **EXCLUSIVE NEGOTIATING RIGHTS**

In order to induce us to commit the resources, forego other potential
opportunities, and incur the legal, accounting and incidental expenses
necessary properly to evaluate the possibility of acquiring the assets
and business described above, and to negotiate the terms of, and
consummate, the transaction contemplated hereby, you agree that for a
period of \[number of days\] days after the date hereof, you, your
affiliates and your and their respective officers, directors, employees
and agents shall not initiate, solicit, encourage, directly or
indirectly, or accept any offer or proposal, regarding the possible
acquisition by any person other than us, including, without limitation,
by way of a purchase of shares, purchase of assets or merger, of all or
any substantial part of your equity securities or assets, and shall not
(other than in the ordinary course of business as heretofore conducted)
provide any confidential information regarding your assets or business
to any person other than us and our representatives.

2.  **MISCELLANEOUS**

This letter shall be governed by the substantive laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] without regard to conflict of law principles. This
letter constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the
parties hereto and their affiliates with respect to its subject matter
and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations,
warranties and understandings of such parties (whether oral or written).
No promise, inducement, representation or agreement, other than as
expressly set forth herein, has been made to or by the parties hereto.
This letter may be amended only by written agreement, signed by the
parties to be bound by the amendment. Evidence shall be inadmissible to
show agreement by and between such parties to any term or condition
contrary to or in addition to the terms and conditions contained in this
letter. This letter shall be construed according to its fair meaning and
not strictly for or against either party.

2.  **NO BINDING OBLIGATION**

Except for Sections 1(c) and 2 through 6, THIS LETTER OF INTENT DOES
NOT** **CONSTITUTE OR CREATE, AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE OR
CREATE, ANY LEGALLY BINDING OR ENFORCEABLE OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF
EITHER PARTY TO THIS LETTER OF INTENT. NO SUCH OBLIGATION SHALL BE
CREATED, EXCEPT BY THE EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
CONTAINING SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AS
SHALL BE AGREED UPON BY THE PARTIES, AND THEN ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH PURCHASE AGREEMENT.

The Confidentiality Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed as a
separate agreement between the parties thereto.

If the foregoing terms and conditions are acceptable to you, please so
indicate by signing the enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to
the attention of the undersigned.

Very truly yours,

\[BUYER NAME\]

Your title

\(800\) 123-4567

youremail\@yourcompany.com

**ACCEPTED AND AGREED**

\[SELLER COMPANY NAME\]

\
By: [ ]{.underline}

Title: [ ]{.underline}
