**OPTION TO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM A SHAREHOLDER **

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER'S NAME\]** (the \"Seller\"), who owns \[NUMBER\] of
shares of the common stock of \[NAME OF COMPANY\], a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\] (the
"Company")

**[AND:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[BUYER]{.underline}[']{.underline}[S
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[This Agreement is entered into upon the basis of the following facts
and intentions of the parties:]{.underline}

A.  [Seller owns \[NUMBER\] of shares of the common stock (the "Shares")
    of the Company.]{.underline}

B.  [Buyer desires to obtain an option to purchase the Shares from
    Seller and Seller is willing to grant such an option to
    Buyer.]{.underline}

[NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as
follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[OPTION]{.underline}**

[As of the date hereof, the Seller grants to Buyer an option (the
"Option") to purchase all of the Shares from Seller upon all of the
terms, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth. The share
certificates representing the Shares shall hereafter bear a legend
referring to this Option Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSIDERATION FOR THE OPTION]{.underline}**

[As consideration for the Option, Buyer shall pay to Seller the sum of
\$\[AMOUNT\] on the date hereof. In the event this option is exercised,
all consideration paid for the Option \[SHALL OR SHALL NOT\] be applied
against and be deemed to be a payment upon the purchase price. In the
event that Buyer does not exercise the Option, the consideration paid to
Buyer for the Option \[WILL OR WILL NOT\] be retained by Seller without
deduction or offset.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM AND EXERCISE]{.underline}**

[Buyer may exercise the Option at any time up to and until \[DATE\], by
giving Seller written notice of his intention to exercise the
Option.]{.underline}

[The purchase price ("Purchase Price") which Buyer agrees to pay upon
exercise of the Option is \[AMOUNT\] Dollars (\$\[AMOUNT\]) per share,
payable in cash.]{.underline}

1.  **[NUMBER OF SHARES]{.underline}**

[The number and class of Shares specified in this Agreement and/or the
Purchase Price are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any
merger, reorganization, consolidation, re-capitalization, liquidation,
stock dividend, split-up, share combination or other change in the
corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER]{.underline}**

[The Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer that:]{.underline}

a.  [The Seller has full power and authority to execute and deliver this
    Agreement, and this Agreement is a valid and binding agreement
    enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its
    terms;]{.underline}

b.  [Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the sale of the Shares
    will constitute a violation of, or conflict with, or default under,
    any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement to
    which the Seller is a party or by which Seller is bound or of any
    law, decree, or judgment;]{.underline}

c.  [Now and up to the time of exercise of the Option, the Seller will
    have valid title to the Shares, free and clear of all claims, liens,
    charges, encumbrances and security interests, and will transfer such
    Shares upon exercise of the Option to the Buyer free and clear of
    all claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and security
    interests;]{.underline}

d.  [The Purchase Price may or may not reflect the actual value of the
    Shares, that the Seller has investigated the value independently,
    that he has been represented by independent counsel, and that he
    understands that the value of the Shares when and if the Option is
    exercised may be significantly higher than the Purchase Price;
    and]{.underline}

e.  [Prior to \[DATE\], Seller shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge,
    hypothecate, or otherwise encumber any of the Shares.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[COOPERATION]{.underline}**

[Each party shall, upon request of the other party, promptly execute and
deliver all additional documents reasonably deemed by the requesting
party to be necessary, appropriate or desirable to complete and evidence
the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares pursuant to this
Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER]{.underline}**

[Buyer represents and warrants to the Seller that (a) this Agreement is
a valid and binding agreement enforceable against Buyer in accordance
with its terms and (b) Buyer, if he exercises the option, will be
purchasing the Shares for his own account and not with a view to or for
sale in connection with any distribution of such Shares in violation of
applicable securities laws.]{.underline}

[If Buyer exercises the Option, at a closing (the "Closing"), the Seller
shall sell, transfer and deliver the Shares, represented by certificates
duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock powers duly executed, to
the Buyer, and the Buyer shall purchase the Shares in exchange for the
Purchase Price.]{.underline}

1.  **[DIVIDENDS AND VOTING RIGHTS]{.underline}**

[Until the Option is exercised, if at all, all dividends and voting
rights attendant to the Shares shall remain with Seller.]{.underline}

1.  **[BUYER MAY EXERCISE OPTION FOR LESS THAN ALL SHARES]{.underline}**

[Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Buyer
may exercise the Option with respect to less than all of the
Shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[SURVIVAL]{.underline}**

[All representations, warranties and agreements made by the Seller and
by the Buyer in this Agreement shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and any Closing and any investigation at any time made by or
on behalf of any party hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION; ASSIGNMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented
except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed
by the parties hereto. Buyer may assign his rights under this Agreement
with the consent of Seller.]{.underline}

1.  **[SUCCESSORS]{.underline}**

[This Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by and against the parties hereto and their respective
heirs, beneficiaries, executors, representatives and permitted
assigns.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with
respect to its subject matter and supersedes all agreements,
understanding, representations, or warranties, whether oral or written,
by or among the parties, previously or contemporaneously made or
given.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the Buyer and Seller as of the day and year first written
below:]{.underline}

**[BUYER:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[SELLER:]{.underline}**

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[\[BUYER NAME\] \[SELLER NAME\]]{.underline}
