**[ ]{.underline}[RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

This Right of First Refusal Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[COMPANY]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[FIRST]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[HOLDER]{.underline}[ NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"First
Holder\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[SECOND HOLDER
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Second Holder\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[THIRD HOLDER
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Third Holder\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:]{.underline}

[In consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and conditions
herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the
parties hereto agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[DEFINITIONS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Certain terms used herein are defined as follows:]{.underline}

**["]{.underline}[Board of Directors]{.underline}["]{.underline}**[
means the Board of Directors of the Company and any committee
thereof.]{.underline}

**["]{.underline}[Immediate Family]{.underline}["]{.underline}**[ means
any spouse, child, grandchild, parent, brother, or sister of a
Holder.]{.underline}

**["]{.underline}[Shares]{.underline}["]{.underline}**[ means any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for any class of capital stock of the Company and all
securities into which such Shares may be converted or reclassified as a
result of any merger, consolidation, stock split, stock dividend, or
other recapitalization of the Company, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired.]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[No Holder may sell or engage in any transaction which has resulted in
or will result in a change in the beneficial or record ownership of any
Shares held by the Holder, including without limitation a voluntary or
involuntary sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, disposal, loan, gift, attachment or levy (a "Transfer"),
except as provided in this Agreement, and any such Transfer of Shares or
attempted Transfer of Shares in contravention of this Agreement shall be
void and ineffective for any purpose or confer on any transferee or
purported transferee any rights whatsoever.]{.underline}

1.  **[RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL]{.underline}**

    a.  [Each time a Holder proposes to Transfer (or is required by
        operation of law or other involuntary transfer) any or all of
        the Shares standing in such Holder\'s name or owned by him or
        her during the term of this Agreement, such Holder shall first
        offer such Shares to the Company in accordance with the
        following provisions:]{.underline}

    b.  [Such Holder shall deliver a written notice (a "Notice") to the
        Company stating (a) such Holder\'s bona fide intention to
        Transfer such Shares, (b) the name and the address of the
        proposed transferee, (c) the number of Shares to be transferred,
        and (d) the purchase price per Share and terms of payment for
        which the Holder proposes to Transfer such Shares.]{.underline}

    c.  [Within \[NUMBER\] days after receipt of the Notice, the Company
        or its designee shall have the first right to purchase or obtain
        such Shares, upon the price and terms of payment designated in
        the Notice. If the Notice provides for the payment of non-cash
        consideration, the Company at its option may pay the
        consideration in cash equal to the Company\'s good faith
        estimate of the present fair market value of the non-cash
        consideration offered.]{.underline}

    d.  [If the Company or its designee elects not to purchase or obtain
        all of the Shares designated in the selling Holder\'s Notice,
        then the Holder may Transfer the Shares referred to in the
        Notice to the proposed transferee, providing such Transfer (a)
        is completed within 30 days after the expiration of the
        Company\'s right to purchase or obtain such Shares, (b) is made
        at the price and terms designated in the Notice, and (c) the
        proposed Transferee agrees to be bound by the terms and
        provisions of this Agreement and to become a party to this
        Agreement immediately upon receipt of such Shares. If such
        Shares are not so transferred, the selling Holder must give
        notice in accordance with this paragraph prior to any other or
        subsequent Transfer of such Shares.]{.underline}

    e.  [Notwithstanding Section 3(a), a Holder may Transfer Shares: (i)
        to a member of the Holder\'s Immediate Family or to a trust
        established for the benefit of a member or members of the
        Holder\'s Immediate Family, (ii) to an affiliate or equity
        holder of the Holder, (iii) to a person who is a constituent
        partner of the Holder on the date hereof, or (iv) to the estate
        of any of the foregoing by gift, will or intestate succession;
        provided that the Holder or his representative notifies the
        Company of such Transfer not less than \[NUMBER\] nor more than
        \[NUMBER\] days prior to the Transfer and that the proposed
        transferee agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of
        this Agreement and to become a party to this Agreement
        immediately upon the receipt of such Shares.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[NO TRANSFER TO COMPETITORS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[A Holder may not Transfer any Shares to a competitor of the Company, or
to any shareholder, partner or other beneficial holder of an equity
ownership interest in a competitor, other than pursuant to a merger,
combination, or other transaction approved by the Board of
Directors.]{.underline}

[Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, the Company\'s obligations to pay or complete payment for any
Shares to be purchased by it under this Agreement is subject to its
being legally permitted to do so under the tests contained in Sections
\[NUMBER\] of the \[STATE/PROVINCE/COUNTRY\] General Corporation Law or
any successor statute applicable thereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[LEGEND ON STOCK CERTIFICATES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Each certificate representing shares owned of record or beneficially by
a party to this Agreement shall be endorsed with the following
legend:]{.underline}

[THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A RIGHT OF
FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN \[NAME OF COMPANY\] (THE COMPANY) AND
THE HOLDERS THAT ARE SIGNATORIES THERETO, PROVIDING FOR, AMONG OTHER
MATTERS, THE COMPANY\'S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL TO PURCHASE THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT IS
ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OFFICE OF THE COMPANY.]{.underline}

[Under no circumstances shall any Transfer of any Shares subject hereto
be valid until the proposed transferee thereof shall have executed and
become a party to this Agreement and thereby shall have become subject
to all of the provisions hereof; and notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Agreement, no such Transfer of any kind shall in any
event result in the non-applicability of the provisions hereof at any
time to any of the Shares subject hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM OF AGREEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The restrictions on Transfer of Shares set forth in this Agreement
shall terminate upon any of the following:]{.underline}

a.  [The determination of the Board of Directors that this Agreement
    shall be terminated.]{.underline}

b.  [The dissolution or bankruptcy of the Company.]{.underline}

c.  [The consummation of a public offering for any of the common stock
    of the Company registered under the \[LAW/CODE/ACT\].]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[ACKNOWLEDGMENTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Each Holder acknowledges that other shareholders of the Company may
have restrictions on their shareholdings different than the terms
contained herein.]{.underline}

1.  **[FURTHER ASSURANCES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Each party hereto agrees to perform any and all further acts and to
execute and deliver any documents which may reasonably be necessary to
carry out the provisions of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement as applied to any Holder may be amended at any time by
the written agreement of the Company and a Holder affected
thereby.]{.underline}

1.  **[WILL PROVISIONS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Each Holder agrees to insert in his or her will, or to execute a
codicil thereto, directing and authorizing his or her executor to
fulfill and comply with the provisions hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[NOTICE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be delivered in person
or sent by telecopier, air courier or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage and fees prepaid in all cases; in the case of the
Company, to the then current address of its then principal business
office, to the attention of the Chairman of its Board of Directors, and,
in the case of a Holder, to the address of such Holder shown on the
signature page hereto, or to such other address as will have been
specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Notice shall be
effective upon delivery if it is hand-delivered; upon receipt if it is
transmitted by telecopier, air courier or registered, certified or
express mail; upon expiration of the third business day after deposit in
the \[COUNTRY\] mail if mailed from and to an address in the
\[COUNTRY\]; and upon expiration of the tenth business day after deposit
in the \[COUNTRY\] mail if mailed from or to an address outside the
\[COUNTRY\].]{.underline}

1.  **[SUCCESSION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and upon their permitted successors in interest of any
kind whatsoever, their heirs, executors, administrators, and personal
representatives.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] as such laws are applied to agreements
between \[STATE/PROVINCE\] residents entered into and to be performed
entirely within \[STATE/PROVINCE\], without regard to conflicts of law
\[PRINCIPLES\]. The parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state or federal courts located in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], for the resolution of any disputes arising out of
this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[COUNTERPARTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of
which will be an original, but all of which together will constitute one
and the same instrument.]{.underline}

1.  **[SOLE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements and
understandings pertaining thereto whether oral or written.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSTRUCTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The titles of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and are not to be considered in construing this
Agreement. The language of this Agreement shall be construed as to its
fair meaning and not strictly for or against any party.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be
unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded
from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall be
enforceable in accordance with its terms and interpreted as if such
provisions were as excluded.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEY FEES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In the event that any dispute among the parties hereto should result in
litigation or arbitration, the prevailing party in such dispute shall be
entitled to recover from the other party all reasonable fees, costs and
expenses of enforcing any right of the prevailing party, including
without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees and
expenses.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

COMPANY FIRST HOLDER

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

[SECOND HOLDER THIRD HOLDER]{.underline}

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[CONSENT OF SPOUSE]{.underline}**

[The undersigned spouse(s) of the party (parties) to the foregoing
Agreement acknowledge(s) on his or her own behalf that: I have read the
foregoing Agreement and I know its contents. I am aware that by its
provisions my spouse grants the Company an option to purchase all of his
or her shares of the Company, including my community interest in them. I
hereby consent to the sale, approve of the provisions of the Agreement,
and agree that those shares and my interest in them are subject to the
provisions of the Agreement and that I will take no action at any time
to hinder operation of the Agreement on those shares or my interest in
them.]{.underline}

[SPOUSE SPOUSE]{.underline}

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Signature Signature

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Name Name

[SPOUSE SPOUSE]{.underline}

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Signature Signature

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

Name Name
