**STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT**

This Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the \"Seller\"), an individual / a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[PURCHASER NAME\]** (the \"Purchaser\"), an individual / a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, the Seller is the record owner and holder of the issued and
outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, a
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] corporation, which Corporation has issued capital
stock of \[NUMBER\] shares of \[AMOUNT\] par value common stock; and

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase said stock and the Seller
desires to sell said stock, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereinafter set forth;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained in this Agreement, and in order to consummate the purchase and
the sale of the Corporation\'s Stock aforementioned, it is hereby agreed
as follows:

1.  **PURCHASE AND SALE **

Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, at the
closing of the transaction contemplated hereby, the Seller shall sell,
convey, transfer, and deliver to the Purchaser certificates representing
such stock, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Seller the
Corporation\'s Stock in consideration of the purchase price set forth in
this Agreement. The certificates representing the Corporation\'s Stock
shall be duly endorsed for transfer or accompanied by appropriate stock
transfer powers duly executed in blank, in either case with signatures
guaranteed in the customary fashion, and shall have all the necessary
documentary transfer tax stamps affixed thereto at the expense of the
Seller. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(\"Closing\"), shall be held at \[ADDRESS\], on \[DATE\], at

\[TIME\], or such other place, date and time as the parties hereto may
otherwise agree.

1.  **AMOUNT AND PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE**

The total consideration and method of payment thereof are fully set out
in Exhibit \"A\" attached hereto and made a part hereof.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER **

Seller hereby warrants and represents:

A.  Organization and Standing. Corporation is a corporation duly
    organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
    the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] and has the corporate power and
    authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

B.  Restrictions on Stock:

    i.  The Seller is not a party to any agreement, written or oral,
        creating rights in respect to the Corporation\'s Stock in any
        third person or relating to the voting of the Corporation\'s
        Stock.

    ii. Seller is the lawful owner of the Stock, free and clear of all
        security interests, liens, encumbrances, equities and other
        charges.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  There are no existing warrants, options, stock purchase
    agreements,redemption agreements, restrictions of any nature, calls
    or rights to subscribe of any character relating to the stock, nor
    are there any securities convertible into such stock.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER AND PURCHASER **

Seller and Purchaser hereby represent and warrant that there has been no
act or omission by Seller, Purchaser or the Corporation which would give
rise to any valid claim against any of the parties hereto for a
brokerage commission, finder\'s fee, or other like payment in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Agreement (including the exhibits hereto and any written amendments
hereof executed by the parties) constitutes the entire Agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written,
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

1.  **SECTIONS AND OTHER HEADINGS **

The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning
orinterpretation of this Agreement.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

This agreement, and all transactions contemplated hereby, shall be
governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. The parties herein waive trial by jury and
agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of a court
located in \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ATTORNEY'S FEES**

In the event that litigation results from or arises out of this
Agreement or the performance thereof, the parties agree to reimburse the
prevailing party\'s reasonable attorney\'s fees, court costs, and all
other expenses, whether or not taxable by the court as costs, in
addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be
entitled.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by each of the
individual parties hereto on the date first above written.

ATTORNEY CLIENT

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT \"A\"]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[AMOUNT AND PAYMENT OF
PURCHASE PRICE]{.underline}**

1.  **CONSIDERATION**

As total consideration for the purchase and sale of the Corporation\'s
Stock, pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller
the sum of \[AMOUNT\], such total consideration to be referred to in
this Agreement as the \"Purchase Price\".

1.  **PAYMENT**

The Purchase Price shall be paid as follows:

i.  The sum of \[AMOUNT\] to be delivered to Seller upon the execution
    of this Agreement.

ii. The sum of \[AMOUNT\] to be delivered to Seller at Closing.
