**[STOCK SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Stock Subscription Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\]]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[PURCHASER
]{.underline}[NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Purchaser\"),
an individual having his principal place of living located at / a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[COMPANY
]{.underline}[NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the "Company\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[The undersigned hereby offers to subscribe for \[NUMBER\] of shares of
Common Stock (the "Shares") of the Company at a price of \[PRICE\] per
Share.]{.underline}

[By execution of this Subscription Agreement, the undersigned hereby
acknowledges that the undersigned understands that the Company is
relying upon the accuracy and completeness hereof in complying with its
obligations under applicable federal and state securities laws. The
undersigned further acknowledges and certifies that the undersigned
received and read the Private Placement Memorandum of the Company dated
\[DATE\] and any supplements thereto (the "Private Placement
Memorandum"), and the undersigned is familiar with the terms and
provisions thereof.]{.underline}

[The undersigned agrees and represents as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS]{.underline}**

[The undersigned hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the
Company, as follows:]{.underline}

[That the undersigned is aware of the following:]{.underline}

A.  [That the offer to sell Shares was communicated to the undersigned
    by the Company in such a manner that the undersigned was able to ask
    questions of and receive answers from the Company concerning the
    terms and conditions of this transaction and that at no time was the
    undersigned presented with or solicited by any leaflet, public
    promotional meeting, newspaper or magazine article, radio or
    television advertisement or any other form of advertising or general
    solicitation;]{.underline}

B.  [That the Shares for which the undersigned hereby subscribes are
    being acquired solely for the undersigned\'s own account, for
    investment, and are not being purchased with a view to or for the
    resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization thereof; and
    the undersigned agrees that such Shares will not be sold without
    registration under the Act or an exemption therefrom. In furtherance
    thereof, the undersigned will not sell, hypothecate or otherwise
    transfer the undersigned\'s Shares unless the Shares are registered
    under the Act and qualified under applicable state securities laws
    or unless, in the opinion of the Company, an exemption from the
    registration requirements of the Act and such laws is
    available;]{.underline}

C.  [That the undersigned has had prior personal or business
    relationships with the Company or its affiliates, or by reason of
    the undersigned\'s business or financial experience (either alone or
    with the aid of a purchaser representative), the undersigned has the
    capacity to protect the undersigned\'s own interest in connection
    with this transaction;]{.underline}

D.  [That the undersigned has been advised to consult with the
    undersigned\'s own attorney regarding legal matters concerning an
    investment in the Company and has done so to the extent the
    undersigned considers necessary;]{.underline}

E.  [That the undersigned certifies, under penalty of perjury, (i) that
    the social security or Tax Identification Number set forth herein is
    time, correct and complete, and (ii) that the undersigned is not
    subject to backup withholding either because the undersigned has not
    been notified that the undersigned is subject to backup withholding
    as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or the
    Internal Revenue Service has notified the undersigned that the
    undersigned is no longer subject to backup withholding;
    and]{.underline}

F.  [That the undersigned acknowledges that the Private Placement
    Memorandum reflects the Company\'s current intentions and estimates
    at the time, as with any developing company, the precise elements of
    the Company\'s plans can be expected to change from time to
    time.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[INDEMNIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The undersigned shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company,
and any officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, directors
or controlling persons of the Company (collectively the "Indemnified
Parties" and individually an "Indemnified Party") who was or is a party
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, against losses, liabilities and
expenses of each Indemnified Party (including attorneys\' fees,
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, payable as incurred)
incurred by such person or entity in connection with such action,
arbitration, suit or proceeding, by reason of or arising from (i) any
misrepresentation or misstatement of facts or omission to represent or
state facts made by the undersigned, including, without limitation, the
information in this Subscription Agreement, or (ii) litigation or other
proceeding brought by the undersigned against one or more Indemnified
Party wherein the Indemnified Party is the prevailing
party.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTITY INVESTORS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[If the undersigned is an entity, trust, pension fund or IRA account (an
"Entity"), the Entity and the person signing on its behalf represent and
warrant that: (i) such Entity is an existing entity, and has not been
organized or reorganized for the purpose of making this investment, (ii)
the undersigned has the authority to execute this Subscription
Agreement, and any other documents in connection with an investment in
the Shares, on the Entity\'s behalf, (iii) the Entity has the power,
right and authority to invest in the Shares and enter into the
transactions contemplated thereby, and that the investment is suitable
and appropriate for the Entity and its beneficiaries (given the risks
and illiquid nature of the investment) and (iv) all documents executed
by the entity in connection with the Company are valid and binding
documents or agreements of the Entity enforceable in accordance with
their terms.]{.underline}

1.  **[REVOCATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The undersigned agrees that the undersigned may not cancel, terminate
or revoke the offer to subscribe for shares for a period of \[NUMBER\]
days or any agreement hereunder at any time and that this Agreement
shall survive the death or disability of the undersigned and shall be
binding upon the undersigned\'s heirs, executors, administrators,
beneficiaries, successors and assigns.]{.underline}

1.  **[CERTAIN SECURITIES LAW MATTERS]{.underline}**

    A.  [The Shares shall not be sold, assigned, transferred or pledged
        except upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in this
        Section 5, which conditions are intended to ensure compliance
        with the provisions of the Act. The undersigned will cause any
        proposed purchaser, assignee, transferee or pledgee of the
        Shares held by the undersigned to agree to take and hold such
        securities subject to the provisions and conditions of this
        Section 5.]{.underline}

    B.  [Each certificate representing (i) the Shares and (ii) any other
        securities issued in respect of the Shares upon any stock split,
        stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or
        similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted by the
        provisions of Section 5(c) below) be stamped or otherwise
        imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in
        addition to any legend required under applicable state
        securities laws):]{.underline}

[THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE \[ACT, LAW OR CODE\].
SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
REGISTRATION OR UNLESS THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR
OTHER EVIDENCE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO IT STATING THAT SUCH SALE OR
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY
REQUIREMENTS OF SAID ACT. COPIES OF THE AGREEMENT COVERING THE PURCHASE
OF THESE SHARES AND RESTRICTING THEIR TRANSFER MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO
COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS CERTIFICATE
TO THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES
OF THE CORPORATION.]{.underline}

A.  [The undersigned consents to the Company making a notation on its
    records and giving instructions to any transfer agent of the Shares
    in order to implement the restrictions on transfer established in
    this Section 5.]{.underline}

B.  [The undersigned agrees to comply in all respects with the
    provisions of this Section 5. Prior to any proposed sale,
    assignment, transfer or pledge of any Shares, unless there is in
    effect a registration statement under the Act covering the proposed
    transfer, the undersigned thereof shall give written notice to the
    Company of the undersigned\'s intention to effect such transfer,
    sale, assignment or pledge. Each such notice shall describe the
    manner and circumstances of the proposed transfer, sale, assignment
    or pledge in sufficient detail, and shall be accompanied, at the
    undersigned\'s expense evidence satisfactory to the Company the
    effect that the proposed transfer of the Shares may be effected
    without registration under the Act or applicable state securities
    law.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[INVESTOR INFORMATION]{.underline}**

[The Company may only accept subscriptions from persons who meet certain
suitability standards. Therefore, certain information is requested
below.]{.underline}

[Name: ]{.underline}

[Age: ]{.underline}

[Social Security Number: ]{.underline}

[Home Address: ]{.underline}

[Home Telephone Number: ]{.underline}

[Firm Name: ]{.underline}

[Nature of Business: ]{.underline}

[Position/Title: ]{.underline}

[Length of Time in Position: ]{.underline}

[Business Address: Zip Code: Telephone Number: ]{.underline}

[Send Correspondence to: Home Business ]{.underline}

[List any business or professional education, indicating degrees
received, if any: ]{.underline}

[My net worth (together with my spouse's net worth), is in excess of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[For \[YEAR\] and \[YEAR\] my actual and for \[YEAR\] my estimated
annual gross income was or is: ]{.underline}

[\[YEAR\]: \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \[YEAR\]: \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \[YEAR\]:
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[Previous Investment Experience in Other Private Offerings of Securities
or Other Relevant Experience:]{.underline}

[Name of Program 1. ]{.underline}

[Or Company 2. ]{.underline}

[ 3. ]{.underline}

[Amount Invested 1. ]{.underline}

[ 2. ]{.underline}

[ 3. ]{.underline}

[In which state do you currently maintain your primary residence?
]{.underline}

[Maintain your secondary residence? ]{.underline}

[Vote? ]{.underline}

[File income tax returns? ]{.underline}

[Maintain a driver's license? ]{.underline}

[In furnishing the above information, I acknowledge that the Company
will be relying thereon in determining, among other things, whether
there are reasonable grounds to believe that I qualify as a purchaser
under applicable securities laws for the purposes of the proposed
investment.]{.underline}

1.  **[WRITTEN NOTICES]{.underline}**

[All notices or other communications given or made hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the Company at the
address set forth on the instructions page hereof and to the undersigned
at the address set forth on the signature page hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], without reference to
conflict of law principles.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any
prior or contemporaneous understandings, representations, warranties or
agreements (whether oral or written) and may be amended only by a
writing executed by all parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[ACCEPTATION]{.underline}**

[The undersigned acknowledges that the Company may, in its sole and
absolute discretion, accept or reject this subscription offer in whole
or in part.]{.underline}

1.  **[CERTIFICATION]{.underline}**

[The undersigned represents to you that (i) the information contained
herein is complete and accurate on the date hereof and may be relied
upon by you and (ii) the undersigned will notify you immediately of any
change in any of such information occurring prior to the acceptance of
the subscription and will promptly send you written confirmation of such
change. The undersigned hereby certifies that he has read and
understands the Private Placement Memorandum and this Subscription
Agreement.]{.underline}

[THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE \[ACT, CODE OR LAW\],
AS AMENDED (THE "ACT") AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED UNLESS THE SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR AN
EXEMPTION THEREFROM IS AVAILABLE.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

COMPANY PURCHASER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
