**STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT**

THE SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR
DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE EFFECTED
WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE \[ACT\], AS AMENDED.

This Stock Option Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of
the date of grant set forth below (the "Date of Grant")

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[OPTIONEE NAME\]** (the \"Optionee\"), an individual with his
main address at:

Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to
them in the Company's \[YEAR OF PLAN\] Stock Option & Incentive Plan
(the "Plan").

**Total Option Shares: **

**Exercise Price Per Share: **

**Date of Grant: **

**First Vesting Date: **

**Expiration Date for Exercise of Options: **

**Type of Stock Option: **

(Check one): \[ \] Incentive Stock Option

\[ \] Statutory Stock Option

1.  **GRANT OF OPTION**

The Company hereby grants to Optionee an option (the "Option") to
purchase the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company set
forth above (the "Shares") at the Exercise Price Per Share set forth
above (the "Exercise Price"), subject to all of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an Incentive Stock
Option above, the Option is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock
option" ("ISO") within the meaning of Section \[NUMBER\] of the
\[CODE\], as amended (the "Code"). Only Employees of the Company shall
receive ISOs.

1.  **EXERCISE PRICE**

The Exercise Price, is not less than the fair market value per share of
Common Stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board; provided,
however, in the event Optionee is an Employee and owns stock
representing more than \[%\] of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock of the Company or of its Parent or Subsidiary
corporations immediately before this Option is granted, said exercise
price is not less than one hundred ten percent \[%\] of the fair market
value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by
the Board.

1.  **EXERCISE OF OPTION**

This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the
provisions of \[PLAN\] as follows:

a.  Vesting

    i.  This Option shall not become exercisable as to any of the number
        of the Shares as follows (check one):

\[ \] Four Year Vesting:

Until the date that is \[NUMBER\] year from the date of grant of the
Option (the \"Anniversary Date\"). On the Anniversary Date, this Option
may be exercised to the extent of \[%\] of the Shares. Upon the
expiration of each calendar month from the Anniversary Date, this Option
may be exercised to the extent of the product of (a) the total number of
Shares set forth at the beginning of this Agreement and (b) the fraction
the numerator of which is \[NUMBER\] and the denominator of which is
\[NUMBER\] (the \"Monthly Vesting Amount\"), plus the shares as to which
the right to exercise the Option has previously accrued but has not been
exercised; provided, however, that notwithstanding any of the above, the
\[%\] exercisable on the Anniversary Date and the Monthly Vesting Amount
with respect to any calendar month shall become exercisable only if the
Employee was an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
as of the Anniversary Date and the last day of such month, respectively.
Any time that the Optionee is on leave or is absent from performing
services for the Company shall not be counted towards the vesting
provided herein.

\[ \] Alternate Vesting Schedule: As follows:

i.  This Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

ii. In the event of Optionee\'s death, disability or other termination
    of employment, the exercisability of the Option is governed by
    Sections 7, 8 and 9 below, subject to the limitations contained in
    subsection 3(i)(d).

iii. In no event may this Option be exercised after the date of
     expiration of the term of this Option as set forth in Section 11
     below.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Method of Exercise

This Option shall be exercisable by written notice which shall state the
election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of
which the Option is being exercised, and such other representations and
agreements as to the holder\'s investment intent with respect to such
shares of Common Stock as may be required by the Company pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan. Such written notice shall be signed by Optionee
and shall be delivered in person or by certified mail to the President,
Secretary or Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The written notice
shall be accompanied by payment of the exercise price.

No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless
such issuance and such exercise shall comply with all relevant
provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which
the Shares may then be listed. Assuming such compliance, for income tax
purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on
the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such Shares.

a.  Adjustments, Merger, etc. The number and class of the Shares and/or
    the exercise price specified above are subject to appropriate
    adjustment in the event of changes in the capital stock of the
    Company by reason of stock dividends, split-ups or combinations of
    shares, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations
    or liquidations. Subject to any required action of the shareholders
    of the Company, if the Company shall be the surviving corporation in
    any merger or consolidation, this Option (to the extent that it is
    still outstanding) shall pertain to and apply to the securities to
    which a holder of the same number of shares of Common Stock that are
    then subject to this Option would have been entitled. A dissolution
    or liquidation of the Company, or a merger or consolidation in which
    the Company is not the surviving corporation, will cause this Option
    to terminate, unless the agreement or merger or consolidation shall
    otherwise provide, provided that the Optionee shall, if the Board
    expressly authorizes, in such event have the right immediately prior
    to such dissolution or liquidation, or merger or consolidation, to
    exercise this Option in whole or part. To the extent that the
    foregoing adjustments relate to stock or securities of the Company,
    such adjustments shall be made by the Board, whose determination in
    that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **OPTIONEE\'S REPRESENTATIONS**

    a.  By receipt of this Option, by its execution, and by its exercise
        in whole or in part, Optionee represents to the Company that
        Optionee understands that:

    b.  Both this Option and any Shares purchased upon its exercise are
        securities, the issuance by the Company of which requires
        compliance with federal and state securities laws;

    c.  These securities are made available to Optionee only on the
        condition that Optionee makes the representations contained in
        this Section 4 to the Company;

    d.  Optionee has made a reasonable investigation of the affairs of
        the Company sufficient to be well informed as to the rights and
        the value of these securities;

    e.  Optionee understands that the securities have not been
        registered under the \[ACT\], as amended (the \"Act\") in
        reliance upon one or more specific exemptions contained in the
        Act, which may include reliance on \[RULE\] promulgated under
        the Act, if available, or which may depend upon (a) Optionee\'s
        bona fide investment intention in acquiring these securities;
        (b) Optionee\'s intention to hold these securities in compliance
        with federal and state securities laws; (c) Optionee having no
        present intention of selling or transferring any part thereof
        (recognizing that the Option is not transferable) in violation
        of applicable federal and state securities laws; and (d) there
        being certain restrictions on transfer of the Shares subject to
        the Option;

    f.  Optionee understands that the Shares subject to this Option, in
        addition to other restrictions on transfer, must be held
        indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Act, or
        unless an exemption from registration is available; that
        \[RULE\], the usual exemption from registration, is only
        available after the satisfaction of certain holding periods and
        in the presence of a public market for the Shares; that there is
        no certainty that a public market for the Shares will exist, and
        that otherwise it will be necessary that the Shares be sold
        pursuant to another exemption from registration which may be
        difficult to satisfy; and

    g.  Optionee understands that the certificate representing the
        Shares will bear a legend prohibiting their transfer in the
        absence of their registration or the opinion of counsel for the
        Company that registration is not required, and a legend
        prohibiting their transfer in compliance with applicable state
        securities laws unless otherwise exempted.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **METHOD OF PAYMENT**

Payment of the purchase price shall be made by cash, check or, in the
sole discretion of the Board at the time of exercise, promissory notes
or other Shares of Common Stock having a fair market value on the date
of surrender equal to the aggregate purchase price of the Shares being
purchased.

1.  **RESTRICTIONS ON EXERCISE**

This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon
such exercise or the method of payment of consideration for such Shares
would constitute a violation of any applicable law or regulation. As a
condition to the exercise of this Option, the Company may require
Optionee to make any representation and warranty to the Company as may
be required by any applicable law or regulation.

1.  **TERMINATION OF STATUS AS AN EMPLOYEE**

In the event of termination of Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an
Employee for any reason other than death or disability, Optionee may,
but only within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of such termination (but
in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of this Option
as set forth in Section 11 below), exercise this Option to the extent
that Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such
termination. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise
this Option at the date of such termination, or if Optionee does not
exercise this Option within the time specified herein, this Option shall
terminate.

1.  **DISABILITY OF OPTIONEE**

In the event of termination of Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an
Employee as a result of Optionee\'s disability, Optionee may, but only
within \[NUMBER\] months from the date of termination of employment (but
in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of this Option
as set forth in Section 11 below), exercise this Option to the extent
Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination;
provided, however that if the disability is not total and permanent and
the Optionee exercises the option within the period provided above but
more than three months after the date of termination, this Option shall
automatically be deemed to be a Non-statutory Stock Option and not an
Incentive Stock Option; and provided, further, that if the disability is
total and permanent then the Optionee may, but only within \[NUMBER\]
year from the date of termination of employment (but in no event later
than the date of expiration of the term of this Option as set forth in
Section 11 below), exercise this Option to the extent Optionee was
entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent
that Optionee was not entitled to exercise this Option at the date of
termination, or if Optionee does not exercise such Option within the
time periods specified herein, this Option shall terminate.

1.  **DEATH OF OPTIONEE**

In the event of the death of Optionee:

a.  During the \[NUMBER\] day period specified in Section 7 or the
    \[NUMBER\] year period specified in Section 8, after the termination
    of Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an Employee, this Option may be
    exercised, at any time within \[NUMBER\] year following the date of
    death (but, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in no event
    later than the date of expiration of the term of this Option as set
    forth in Section 11 below), by Optionee\'s estate or by a person who
    acquired the right to exercise this Option by bequest or
    inheritance, but only to the extent of the right to exercise that
    had accrued at the date of termination. To the extent that such
    Employee was not entitled to exercise this Option at the date of
    death, or if such Employee, estate or other person does not exercise
    such Option (which such Employee, estate or person was entitled to
    exercise) within the \[NUMBER\] year time period specified herein,
    this Option shall terminate.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **NON‑TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTION**

This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will
or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during
the lifetime of Optionee, only by Optionee. The terms of this Option
shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors
and assigns of Optionee.

1.  **TERM OF OPTION**

This Option may not be exercised more than \[NUMBER OF YEARS\] years
from the date of grant of this Option, and may be exercised during such
term only in accordance with the Plan and terms of this Option;
provided, however, that the term of this option, if it is a
Non-statutory Stock Option, may be extended for the period set forth in
Section 9(a) or Section 9(b) in the circumstances set forth in such
Sections.

1.  **EARLY DISPOSITION OF STOCK; TAXATION UPON EXERCISE OF OPTION**

If Optionee is an Employee and the Option qualifies as an ISO, Optionee
understands that, if Optionee disposes of any Shares received under this
Option within \[NUMBER\] years after the date of this Agreement or
within \[NUMBER\] year after such Shares were transferred to Optionee,
Optionee will be treated for federal income tax purposes as having
received ordinary income at the time of such disposition in any amount
generally measured as the difference between the price paid for the
Shares and the lower of the fair market value of the Shares at the date
of exercise or the fair market value of the Shares at the of
disposition. Any gain recognized on such premature sale of the Shares in
excess of the amount treated as ordinary income will be characterized as
capital gain. Optionee hereby agrees to notify the Company in writing
within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of any such disposition. Optionee
understands that if Optionee disposes of such Shares at any time after
the expiration of such two‑year and one‑year holding periods, any gain
on such sale will be treated as long‑term capital gain laws subject to
meeting various qualifications. If Optionee is a Consultant or this is a
Non-statutory Stock Option, Optionee understands that, upon exercise of
this Option, Optionee will recognize income for tax purposes in an
amount equal to the excess of the then fair market value of the Shares
over the exercise price. Upon a resale of such shares by the Optionee,
any difference between the sale price and the fair market value of the
Shares on the date of exercise of the Option will be treated as capital
gain or loss. Optionee understands that the Company will be required to
withhold tax from Optionee\'s current compensation in some of the
circumstances described above; to the extent that Optionee\'s current
compensation is insufficient to satisfy the withholding tax liability,
the Company may require the Optionee to make a cash payment to cover
such liability as a condition to exercise of this Option.

1.  **TAX CONSEQUENCES**

The Optionee understands that any of the foregoing references to
taxation are based on federal income tax laws and regulations now in
effect, and may not be applicable to the Optionee under certain
circumstances. The Optionee may also have adverse tax consequences under
state or local law. The Optionee has reviewed with the Optionee\'s own
tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Optionee is relying
solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of
the Company or any of its agents. The Optionee understands that the
Optionee (and not the Company) shall be responsible for the Optionee\'s
own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

1.  **SEVERABILITY; CONSTRUCTION**

In the event that any provision in this Option shall be invalid or
unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect
on, the remaining provisions of this Option. This Option shall be
construed as to its fair meaning and not for or against either party.

1.  **DAMAGES**

The parties agree that any violation of this Option (other than a
default in the payment of money) cannot be compensated for by damages,
and any aggrieved party shall have the right, and is hereby granted the
privilege, of obtaining specific performance of this Option in any court
of competent jurisdiction in the event of any breach hereunder.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Option shall be deemed to be made under and governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of \[STATE\].
Jurisdiction for any disputes hereunder shall be solely in \[CITY\],
\[STATE\].

1.  **DELAY**

No delay or failure on the part of the Company or the Optionee in the
exercise of any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by any of them of any
right, power or remedy preclude other or further exercise thereof, or
the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

1.  **RESTRICTIONS**

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Optionee understands
and agrees that Optionee shall not dispose of any of the Shares, whether
by sale, exchange, assignment, transfer, gift, devise, bequest,
mortgage, pledge, encumbrance or otherwise, except in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this Section 18, and Optionee shall not take
or omit any action which will impair the absolute and unrestricted
right, power, authority and capacity of Optionee to sell Shares in
accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.

Any purported transfer of Shares by Optionee that violates any provision
of this Section 18 shall be wholly void and ineffectual and shall give
to the Company or its designee the right to purchase from Optionee all
but not less than all of the Shares then owned by Optionee for a period
of \[NUMBER\] days from the date the Company first learns of the
purported transfer at the Agreement Price and on the Agreement Terms. If
the Shares are not purchased by the Company or its designee, the
purported transfer thereof shall remain void and ineffectual and they
shall continue to be subject to this Agreement.

The Company shall not cause or permit the transfer of any Shares to be
made on its books except in accordance with the terms hereof.

**a. 1) Permitted Transfers**

i.  Optionee may sell, assign or transfer any Shares held by the
    Optionee but only by complying with the provisions of subsection
    (b)(1) of this Section 18.

ii. Optionee may sell, assign or transfer any Shares held by the
    Optionee without complying with the provisions of subsection (b)(1)
    by obtaining the prior written consent of the Company\'s
    shareholders owning \[%\] of the then issued and outstanding shares
    of the Company\'s Common Stock (determined on a fully diluted basis)
    or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the
    Company, provided that the transferee agrees in writing to be bound
    by the provisions of this Option and the transfer is made in
    accordance with any other restrictions or conditions contained in
    the written consent and in accordance with applicable federal and
    state securities laws.

iii. Upon the death of Optionee, Shares held by the Optionee may be
     transferred to the personal representative of the Optionee\'s
     estate without complying with the provisions of subsection (b)(1).
     Shares so transferred shall be subject to the other provisions of
     this Option, including in particular subsection (b)(2).

**a. 2) No Pledge**

Unless a majority of the members of the Board of Directors consent,
Shares may not be pledged, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered to secure
indebtedness for money borrowed or any other obligation for which the
Optionee is primarily or secondarily liable.

**a. 3) Stock Certificate Legend**

Each stock certificate for Shares issued to the Optionee shall have
conspicuously written, printed, typed or stamped upon the face thereof,
or upon the reverse thereof with a conspicuous reference on the face
thereof, one or both of the following legend:

i.  IT IS UNLAWFUL TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY, OR
    ANY INTEREST THEREIN, OR TO RECEIVE ANY CONSIDERATION THEREFOR,
    WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF
    CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF \[STATE/PROVINCE\], EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
    IN THE COMMISSIONER\'S RULES.

**b. 1) Sales of Shares**

i.  Company\'s Right of First Refusal. In the event that the Optionee
    shall desire to sell, assign or transfer any Shares held by the
    Optionee to any other person (the \"Offered Shares\") and shall be
    in receipt of a bona fide offer to purchase the Offered Shares
    (\"Offer\"), the following procedure shall apply. The Optionee shall
    give to the Company written notice containing the terms and
    conditions of the Offer, including, but not limited to (a) the
    number of Offered Shares; (b) the price per Share; (c) the method of
    payment; and (d) the name(s) of the proposed purchaser(s).

An offer shall not be deemed bona fide unless the Optionee has informed
the prospective purchaser of the Optionee\'s obligation under this
Option and the prospective purchaser has agreed to become a party
hereunder and to be bound hereby. The Company is entitled to take such
steps as it reasonably may deem necessary to determine the validity and
bona fide nature of the Offer.

Until \[NUMBER\] days after such notice is given, the Company or its
designee shall have the right to purchase all of the Offered Shares at
the price offered by the prospective purchaser and specified in such
notice. Such purchase shall be on the Agreement Terms, as defined in
subsection (b)(4).

i.  Failure of Company or its Designee to Purchase Offered Shares. If
    all of the Offered Shares are not purchased by the Company and/or
    its designee within the \[NUMBER\]‑day period granted for such
    purchases, then any remaining Offered Shares may be sold, assigned
    or transferred pursuant to the Offer; provided, that the Offered
    Shares are so transferred within \[NUMBER\] days of the expiration
    of the \[NUMBER\]‑day period to the person or persons named in, and
    under the terms and conditions of, the bona fide Offer described in
    the notice to the Company; and provided further, that such persons
    agree to execute and deliver to the Company a written agreement, in
    form and content satisfactory to the Company, agreeing to be bound
    by the terms and conditions of this Option.

**b. 2) Manner of Exercise**

Any right to purchase hereunder shall be exercised by giving written
notice of election to the Optionee, the Optionee\'s personal
representative or any other selling person, as the case may be, prior to
the expiration of such right to purchase.

** b. 3) Agreement Price**

The \"Agreement Price\" shall be the higher of (A) the fair market value
of the Shares to be purchased determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Company and (B) the original exercise price of the
Shares to be purchased.

** b. 4) Agreement Terms**

\"Agreement Terms\" shall mean and include the following:

i.  Delivery of Shares and Closing Date. At the closing, the Optionee,
    the Optionee\'s personal representative or such other selling
    person, as the case may be, shall deliver certificates representing
    the Shares, properly endorsed for transfer, and with the necessary
    documentary and transfer tax stamps, if any, affixed, to the
    purchaser of such Shares. Payment of the purchase price therefore
    shall concurrently be made to the Optionee, the Optionee\'s personal
    representative or such other selling person, as provided in
    subsection (ii) of this subsection (b)(4). Such delivery and payment
    shall be made at the principal office of the Company or at such
    other place as the parties mutually agree.

ii. Payment of Purchase Price. The Company shall pay the purchase price
    to the Optionee at the closing.

**b. 5) Right to Purchase Upon Certain Other Events**

The Company or its designee shall have the right to purchase all, but
not less than all, of the Shares held by the Optionee at the Agreement
Price and on the Agreement Terms for a period of \[NUMBER\] days after
any of the following events:

i.  an attempt by a creditor to levy upon or sell any of the Optionee\'s
    Shares;

ii. the filing of a petition by the Optionee under the \[COUNTRY\]
    Bankruptcy Code or any insolvency laws;

iii. the filing of a petition against Optionee under any insolvency or
     bankruptcy laws by any creditor of the Optionee if such petition is
     not dismissed within \[NUMBER\] days of filing;

iv. the entry of a decree of divorce between the Optionee and the
    Optionee\'s spouse; or

v.  If Optionee is an employee of the Company, upon the termination of
    Optionee\'s services as an employee.

The Optionee shall provide the Company written notice of the occurrence
of any such event within \[NUMBER\] days of such event.

** c. 1) Termination**

The provisions of this Section 18 shall terminate and all rights of each
such party hereunder shall cease except for those which shall have
theretofore accrued upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

**c. 2) Amendment**

This Section 18 may be modified or amended in whole or in part by a
written instrument signed by shareholders of the Company holding \[%\]
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or a majority of the members
of the Board of Directors of the Company.

1.  **MARKET STANDOFF**

Unless the Board of Directors otherwise consents, Optionee agrees hereby
not to sell or otherwise transfer any Shares or other securities of the
Company during the \[NUMBER\]‑day period following the effective date of
a registration statement of the Company filed under the Act; provided,
however, that such restriction shall apply only to the first two
registration statements of the Company to become effective under the Act
which includes securities to be sold on behalf of the Company to the
public in an underwritten public offering under the Act. The Company may
impose stop‑transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to
the foregoing restrictions until the end of such \[NUMBER\]‑day period.

1.  **COMPLETE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all other prior or
contemporaneous agreements and understandings both oral or written;
subject, however, that in the event of any conflict between this
Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. This Agreement may only
be amended in a writing signed by the Company and the Optionee.

1.  **PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP**

Participant shall not have any of the rights of a shareholder with
respect to any Shares until Optionee exercises the Option and pay the
Exercise Price.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the
terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the
Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate offices.
Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be in
writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated above or to
such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to
tome to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to have been given or
delivered upon: personal delivery; \[NUMBER\] days after deposit in the
\[COUNTRY\] mail by certified or registered mail (return receipt
requested); \[NUMBER\] business day after deposit with any return
receipt express courier (prepaid); or \[NUMBER\] business day after
transmission by fax.

DATE OF GRANT: \[DATE\]

\[NAME OF CORPORATION\]

NAME AND TITLE

OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO
SECTION 3 HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE OR
CONSULTANT AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING
HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER).
OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION, THE
COMPANY\'S PLAN WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH
HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED
ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE OR CONSULTANT FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY
PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH OPTIONEE\'S RIGHT OR THE
COMPANY\'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE OPTIONEE\'S EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING
RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, represents that
Optionee is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby
accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.
Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option in their entirety, has
had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing
this Option and fully understands all provisions of this Option.
Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all
decisions or interpretations of the Board or of the Committee upon any
questions arising under the Plan.

Dated: \[DATE\]

OPTIONEE

**CONSENT OF SPOUSE**

The undersigned spouse of the Optionee to the foregoing Stock Option
Agreement acknowledges on his or her own behalf that: I have read the
foregoing Stock Option Agreement and I know its contents. I hereby
consent to and approve of the provisions of the Stock Option Agreement,
and agree that the Shares issued upon exercise of the options covered
thereby and my interest in them are subject to the provisions of the
Stock Option Agreement and that I will take no action at any time to
hinder operation of the Stock Option Agreement on those Shares or my
interest in them.

NAME OF SPOUSE

\[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE\], \[ZIP\]

(SEAL)
