**THE MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR A
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES. OFFERS FOR SALE OF
SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY MAY BE MADE ONLY THROUGH THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT
MEMORANDUM TO QUALIFIED PERSONS OR ENTITIES.**

**[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}**

**[SUBSCRIPTION PACKAGE]{.underline}**

**[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}**

**[\[]{.underline}[NAME OF COMPANY]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**

**[Common Stock]{.underline}**

**INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBSCRIPTIONS**

[This Subscription Package for shares of Common Stock (the \"Shares\")
of \[NAME OF COMPANY\] (the \"Company\") contains the following
documents:]{.underline}

[1. SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT]{.underline}

[2. CONFIDENTIAL STATEMENT OF INVESTOR SUITABILITY]{.underline}

[3. SIGNATURE PAGE]{.underline}

[4. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT]{.underline}

1.  All investors must review the Subscription Agreement.

2.  [All investors must complete the Confidential Statement of Investor
    Suitability.]{.underline}

3.  [The Signature Page, representing the signature page for the
    Subscription Agreement and the Confidential Statement of Investor
    Suitability, must be completed and executed by each person
    purchasing Shares.]{.underline}

4.  [All investors and their spouses must execute the Right of First
    Refusal Agreement.]{.underline}

5.  [Any persons employing a purchaser representative must have him or
    her complete a Purchaser Representative Questionnaire (separately
    available from the Company), and the investor must execute the
    Acknowledgement at the end of that form.]{.underline}

6.  [All subscriptions must be accompanied by a check in the amount of
    \[AMOUNT\] per Share. The check must be payable to the
    Company.]{.underline}

[WHERE TO SEND DOCUMENTS:]{.underline}

[All of the appropriate documents should be delivered to the Company at
the address shown below. Please keep one copy for your files. Any
questions concerning the completion or delivery of the documents
contained in this Subscription Package may be directed to \[NAME AND
TITLE OF PERSON\] at \[TELEPHONE NUMBER\].]{.underline}

[Failure to comply with the above will constitute an invalid
subscription and, if not correct, may result in the rejection of your
subscription request. Time is of the essence.]{.underline}

[ALL INFORMATION REQUESTED MUST BE COMPLETED]{.underline}

**[STOCK SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Stock Subscription Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\]]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[PURCHASER
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Purchaser\"), an individual
having his principal place of living located at / a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[COMPANY
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the "Company\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[The undersigned hereby offers to subscribe for \[NUMBER\] of shares of
Common Stock (the "Shares") of the Company at a price of \[PRICE\] per
Share.]{.underline}

[By execution of this Subscription Agreement, the undersigned hereby
acknowledges that the undersigned understands that the Company is
relying upon the accuracy and completeness hereof in complying with its
obligations under applicable federal and state securities laws. The
undersigned further acknowledges and certifies that the undersigned
received and read the Private Placement Memorandum of the Company dated
\[DATE\] and any supplements thereto (the "Private Placement
Memorandum"), and the undersigned is familiar with the terms and
provisions thereof.]{.underline}

[The undersigned agrees and represents as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS]{.underline}**

[The undersigned hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the
Company, as follows:]{.underline}

[That the undersigned is aware of the following:]{.underline}

A.  [That the Shares for which the undersigned hereby subscribes are
    being acquired solely for the undersigned\'s own account, for
    investment, and are not being purchased with a view to or for the
    resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization thereof; and
    the undersigned agrees that such Shares will not be sold without
    registration under the Act or an exemption therefrom. In furtherance
    thereof, the undersigned will not sell, hypothecate or otherwise
    transfer the undersigned\'s Shares unless the Shares are registered
    under the Act and qualified under applicable state securities laws
    or unless, in the opinion of the Company, an exemption from the
    registration requirements of the Act and such laws is
    available;]{.underline}

B.  [That the undersigned has had prior personal or business
    relationships with the Company or its affiliates, or by reason of
    the undersigned\'s business or financial experience (either alone or
    with the aid of a purchaser representative), the undersigned has the
    capacity to protect the undersigned\'s own interest in connection
    with this transaction;]{.underline}

C.  [That the undersigned has been advised to consult with the
    undersigned\'s own attorney regarding legal matters concerning an
    investment in the Company and has done so to the extent the
    undersigned considers necessary;]{.underline}

D.  [That the undersigned certifies, under penalty of perjury, (i) that
    the social security or Tax Identification Number set forth herein is
    time, correct and complete, and (ii) that the undersigned is not
    subject to backup withholding either because the undersigned has not
    been notified that the undersigned is subject to backup withholding
    as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or the
    Internal Revenue Service has notified the undersigned that the
    undersigned is no longer subject to backup withholding;
    and]{.underline}

E.  [That the undersigned acknowledges that the Private Placement
    Memorandum reflects the Company\'s current intentions and estimates
    at the time, as with any developing company, the precise elements of
    the Company\'s plans can be expected to change from time to
    time.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[INDEMNIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The undersigned shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company,
and any officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, directors
or controlling persons of the Company (collectively the "Indemnified
Parties" and individually an "Indemnified Party") who was or is a party
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, against losses, liabilities and
expenses of each Indemnified Party (including attorneys\' fees,
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, payable as incurred)
incurred by such person or entity in connection with such action,
arbitration, suit or proceeding, by reason of or arising from (i) any
misrepresentation or misstatement of facts or omission to represent or
state facts made by the undersigned, including, without limitation, the
information in this Subscription Agreement, or (ii) litigation or other
proceeding brought by the undersigned against one or more Indemnified
Party wherein the Indemnified Party is the prevailing
party.]{.underline}

[If the undersigned is an entity, trust, pension fund or IRA account (an
"Entity"), the Entity and the person signing on its behalf represent and
warrant that: (i) such Entity is an existing entity, and has not been
organized or reorganized for the purpose of making this investment, (ii)
the undersigned has the authority to execute this Subscription
Agreement, and any other documents in connection with an investment in
the Shares, on the Entity\'s behalf, (iii) the Entity has the power,
right and authority to invest in the Shares and enter into the
transactions contemplated thereby, and that the investment is suitable
and appropriate for the Entity and its beneficiaries (given the risks
and illiquid nature of the investment) and (iv) all documents executed
by the entity in connection with the Company are valid and binding
documents or agreements of the Entity enforceable in accordance with
their terms.]{.underline}

1.  **[REVOCATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The undersigned agrees that the undersigned may not cancel, terminate
or revoke the offer to subscribe for shares for a period of \[NUMBER\]
days or any agreement hereunder at any time and that this Agreement
shall survive the death or disability of the undersigned and shall be
binding upon the undersigned\'s heirs, executors, administrators,
beneficiaries, successors and assigns.]{.underline}

1.  **[CERTAIN SECURITIES LAW MATTERS]{.underline}**

    A.  [The Shares shall not be sold, assigned, transferred or pledged
        except upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in this
        Section 5, which conditions are intended to ensure compliance
        with the provisions of the Act. The undersigned will cause any
        proposed purchaser, assignee, transferee or pledgee of the
        Shares held by the undersigned to agree to take and hold such
        securities subject to the provisions and conditions of this
        Section 5.]{.underline}

    B.  [Each certificate representing (i) the Shares and (ii) any other
        securities issued in respect of the Shares upon any stock split,
        stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or
        similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted by the
        provisions of Section 5(c) below) be stamped or otherwise
        imprinted with a legend substantially in the following form (in
        addition to any legend required under applicable state
        securities laws):]{.underline}

[THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE \[ACT, LAW OR CODE\].
SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
REGISTRATION OR UNLESS THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR
OTHER EVIDENCE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO IT STATING THAT SUCH SALE OR
TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY
REQUIREMENTS OF SAID ACT. COPIES OF THE AGREEMENT COVERING THE PURCHASE
OF THESE SHARES AND RESTRICTING THEIR TRANSFER MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO
COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS CERTIFICATE
TO THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES
OF THE CORPORATION.]{.underline}

A.  [The undersigned consents to the Company making a notation on its
    records and giving instructions to any transfer agent of the Shares
    in order to implement the restrictions on transfer established in
    this Section 5.]{.underline}

B.  [The undersigned agrees to comply in all respects with the
    provisions of this Section 5. Prior to any proposed sale,
    assignment, transfer or pledge of any Shares, unless there is in
    effect a registration statement under the Act covering the proposed
    transfer, the undersigned thereof shall give written notice to the
    Company of the undersigned\'s intention to effect such transfer,
    sale, assignment or pledge. Each such notice shall describe the
    manner and circumstances of the proposed transfer, sale, assignment
    or pledge in sufficient detail, and shall be accompanied, at the
    undersigned\'s expense evidence satisfactory to the Company the
    effect that the proposed transfer of the Shares may be effected
    without registration under the Act or applicable state securities
    law.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[WRITTEN NOTICES]{.underline}**

[All notices or other communications given or made hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the Company at the
address set forth on the instructions page hereof and to the undersigned
at the address set forth on the signature page hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], without reference to
conflict of law principles.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any
prior or contemporaneous understandings, representations, warranties or
agreements (whether oral or written) and may be amended only by a
writing executed by all parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[ACCEPTATION]{.underline}**

[The undersigned acknowledges that the Company may, in its sole and
absolute discretion, accept or reject this subscription offer in whole
or in part.]{.underline}

1.  **[CERTIFICATION]{.underline}**

[The undersigned represents to you that (i) the information contained
herein is complete and accurate on the date hereof and may be relied
upon by you and (ii) the undersigned will notify you immediately of any
change in any of such information occurring prior to the acceptance of
the subscription and will promptly send you written confirmation of such
change. The undersigned hereby certifies that he has read and
understands the Private Placement Memorandum and this Subscription
Agreement.]{.underline}

[THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE \[ACT, CODE OR LAW\],
AS AMENDED (THE "ACT") AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED UNLESS THE SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR AN
EXEMPTION THEREFROM IS AVAILABLE.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

COMPANY PURCHASER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[CONFIDENTIAL STATEMENT OF INVESTOR SUITABILITY]{.underline}**

[In order to comply with the requirements of federal and state
securities laws, shares of the Company may be sold only to persons or
entities meeting the suitability standards established by the
Company.]{.underline}

[The purpose of this Statement is to obtain information from each
prospective investor relating to the investor\'s knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters and to the investor\'s
ability to bear the economic risks of the proposed investment. Such
information is required in order to determine whether or not the
suitability standards have been met by the prospective investor. Please
answer questions concerning prior business and financial experience and
investment decision-making in detail.]{.underline}

[By signing this Statement you agree that it may be shown to such
authorized persons as the Company may deem appropriate to establish that
the offer and/or sale of this investment in the Company will not result
in any violation of any laws or regulations of any
jurisdiction.]{.underline}

[A separate Statement must be completed for each co-owner of Shares,
except that spouses may complete a joint Statement.]{.underline}

[You make the following representations with the intent that they may be
relied upon by the Company and other persons designated by the
Company.]{.underline}

**I.** **BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION** (If Joint Subscriber, provide
information for both.)

A. Name(s): [ ]{.underline} Birth date[ ]{.underline}

[ (Print)]{.underline}

[ Birth date ]{.underline}

[ (Print)]{.underline}

[ B. State of Residency: ]{.underline}

[ C. Employer or business association and position: ]{.underline}

[ D. Business address and telephone no.: ]{.underline}

[ E. Business and/or professional education and degrees:]{.underline}

[ School Location Degree Year Recorded]{.underline}

[ F. Employment during the past five years:]{.underline}

[ Employer Position and]{.underline}

[ or other nature of]{.underline}

[ Association responsibility From To]{.underline}

[ (Attach additional sheets if necessary to fully answer any
question.)]{.underline}

**[II.]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[ACCREDITED INVESTOR
STATUS]{.underline}**

[ Please check or initial all that apply:]{.underline}

-   [The investor is a natural person whose net worth, or joint net
    worth with spouse, at the time of purchase, exceeds \$1,000,000
    (including the value of home, home furnishings and
    automobiles).]{.underline}

-   [The investor is a natural person whose individual gross income
    (excluding that of spouse) exceeded \$200,000 in the last two
    calendar years, and who reasonably expects individual gross income
    exceeding \$200,000 in the current calendar year; or for such
    periods, the combined income of the investor with spouse exceeded
    and is expected to exceed \$300,000.]{.underline}

-   [The investor is a trust, and the grantor (i) has the power to
    revoke the trust at any time and regain title to the trust assets;
    and (ii) has an individual (or, together with his spouse a joint)
    net worth in excess of \$1,000,000, or had and expects to have a
    gross income (not including spouse\'s income) for the last two years
    and the current year in excess of \$200,000, or for such periods,
    had and expects to have all gross income including that of a spouse
    in excess of \$300,000.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [The investor (or beneficiary if IRA or pension money is invested)
    is an executive officer of the Company.]{.underline}

-   [The investor is a corporation or partnership with more than \$5
    million in assets.]{.underline}

-   [The investor is otherwise an accredited investor as follows (please
    complete): ]{.underline}

**[III.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[PRIOR INVESTMENT EXPERIENCE OF
INVESTOR (OR TRUSTEE OR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE)]{.underline}**

[A. Indicate by check mark which of the following categories best
describes the extent of your prior experience in the areas of investment
listed below:]{.underline}

[ More than]{.underline}

[ 5 years 2 to 5 years 1 year No]{.underline}

[ Experience Experience Experience Experience]{.underline}

[Corporate Stocks \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[Corporate Bonds \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[Real Estate \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[Limited Partnerships \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[Privately Held Companies \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[B. Do you make your own investment decisions with respect to the
investments listed above?]{.underline}

[ Yes \_\_\_ No\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

[C. What are the principal sources of investment knowledge or advice?
(check all that apply)]{.underline}

[ \_\_\_\_First hand experience \_\_\_\_Financial
publication]{.underline}

[ \_\_\_\_Broker(s) \_\_\_\_Investment Adviser(s)]{.underline}

[ \_\_\_\_Attorney(s) \_\_\_\_Accountant(s)]{.underline}

[D. Please briefly describe any additional investment experience in
business ventures, experience with the Company or any other investment
experience which would indicate your ability to evaluate an investment
in this business venture.]{.underline}

**[IV.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[FINANCIAL AND INVESTMENT STATUS
INFORMATION]{.underline}**

[A. Please indicate:]{.underline}

[Your estimated net worth exclusive of principal residence, furnishings
of principal residence and personal automobiles (computation of net
worth may be accomplished with reference to fair market value of
assets).]{.underline}

q [More than \$5 million]{.underline}

q [\$1,000,001 - \$4,999,999]{.underline}

q [\$500,000 - \$999,000]{.underline}

q [\$250,000 - \$499,000]{.underline}

q [Under \$250,000]{.underline}

[Your estimated net worth, including principal residence, furnishings of
principal residence and personal automobiles (computation of the value
of the subscriber\'s principal residence may be accomplished with
reference to fair market value of residence).]{.underline}

q [More than \$5 million]{.underline}

q [\$1,000,001 - \$4,999,999]{.underline}

q [\$500,000 - \$1,000,000]{.underline}

q [\$250,000 - \$499,999]{.underline}

q [Under \$250,000]{.underline}

[B. Gross Income]{.underline}

[Please provide your actual or projected individual annual adjusted
gross income for the past two years, the current year and the next
year.]{.underline}

[ More than More than More than More than]{.underline}

[ \$200,000 \$150,000 \$100,000 \$50,000]{.underline}

[\[YEAR 1\] ]{.underline}

[\[YEAR 2\] ]{.underline}

[\[YEAR 3\] ]{.underline}

[C. Other Matters]{.underline}

[ Is an investment in the Company suitable and appropriate for you?
]{.underline}

[ Yes\_\_\_\_ No\_\_\_\_]{.underline}

**SIGNATURE PAGE (FOR INDIVIDUALS)**

[This page constitutes the signature page for INDIVIDUALS for the
following documents: (a) the Subscription Agreement and (b) the
Confidential Statement of Investor Suitability. Execution of this
Signature Page constitutes execution of such documents.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed the Subscription
Agreement and the Confidential Statement of Investor Suitability this
\[DAY\] of \[MONTH\], \[YEAR\].]{.underline}

Signature of Investor Signature of Spouse

(or Joint Investor, if any)

Print Name of Investor Print Name of Spouse

(or Joint Investor, if any)

Social Security Number Social Security Number of Spouse

(or Joint Investor, if any)

[Address: Address: ]{.underline}

**[Dollar Amount of Shares Subscribed For:]{.underline}**[ \$
]{.underline}

[\$ per Share]{.underline}

**[SIGNATURE PAGE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[(]{.underline}[FOR
NON-INDIVIDUALS]{.underline}[)]{.underline}**

[This page constitutes the signature page for the following documents:
(a) the Subscription Agreement and (b) the Confidential Statement of
Investor Suitability. Execution of this Signature Page constitutes
execution of such documents.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed the Subscription
Agreement and the Confidential Statement of Investor Suitability this
\[DAY\] of \[MONTH\], \[YEAR\].]{.underline}

[ ]{.underline} Address[ ]{.underline}

Print Name of Entity

By: [\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_]{.underline}
Address:[ ]{.underline}

[Name: ]{.underline}

[Title: ]{.underline}

[Tax Identification Number]{.underline}

**[Dollar Amount of Shares Subscribed For:]{.underline}**[ \$
]{.underline}

[\$ per Share]{.underline}

**[RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

This Right of First Refusal Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[COMPANY NAME\]]{.underline}**[
(the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws
of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[FIRST HOLDER
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"First Holder\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[SECOND HOLDER
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Second Holder\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[THIRD HOLDER
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Third Holder\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:]{.underline}

[In consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and conditions
herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the
parties hereto agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[DEFINITIONS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Certain terms used herein are defined as follows:]{.underline}

**["]{.underline}[Board of Directors]{.underline}["]{.underline}**[
means the Board of Directors of the Company and any committee
thereof.]{.underline}

**["]{.underline}[Immediate Family]{.underline}["]{.underline}**[ means
any spouse, child, grandchild, parent, brother, or sister of a
Holder.]{.underline}

**["]{.underline}[Shares]{.underline}["]{.underline}**[ means any shares
of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for any class of capital stock of the Company and all
securities into which such Shares may be converted or reclassified as a
result of any merger, consolidation, stock split, stock dividend, or
other recapitalization of the Company, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired.]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[No Holder may sell or engage in any transaction which has resulted in
or will result in a change in the beneficial or record ownership of any
Shares held by the Holder, including without limitation a voluntary or
involuntary sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, disposal, loan, gift, attachment or levy (a "Transfer"),
except as provided in this Agreement, and any such Transfer of Shares or
attempted Transfer of Shares in contravention of this Agreement shall be
void and ineffective for any purpose or confer on any transferee or
purported transferee any rights whatsoever.]{.underline}

1.  **[RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL]{.underline}**

    a.  [Each time a Holder proposes to Transfer (or is required by
        operation of law or other involuntary transfer) any or all of
        the Shares standing in such Holder\'s name or owned by him or
        her during the term of this Agreement, such Holder shall first
        offer such Shares to the Company in accordance with the
        following provisions:]{.underline}

    b.  [Such Holder shall deliver a written notice (a "Notice") to the
        Company stating (a) such Holder\'s bona fide intention to
        Transfer such Shares, (b) the name and the address of the
        proposed transferee, (c) the number of Shares to be transferred,
        and (d) the purchase price per Share and terms of payment for
        which the Holder proposes to Transfer such Shares.]{.underline}

    c.  [Within \[NUMBER\] days after receipt of the Notice, the Company
        or its designee shall have the first right to purchase or obtain
        such Shares, upon the price and terms of payment designated in
        the Notice. If the Notice provides for the payment of non-cash
        consideration, the Company at its option may pay the
        consideration in cash equal to the Company\'s good faith
        estimate of the present fair market value of the non-cash
        consideration offered.]{.underline}

    d.  [If the Company or its designee elects not to purchase or obtain
        all of the Shares designated in the selling Holder\'s Notice,
        then the Holder may Transfer the Shares referred to in the
        Notice to the proposed transferee, providing such Transfer (a)
        is completed within 30 days after the expiration of the
        Company\'s right to purchase or obtain such Shares, (b) is made
        at the price and terms designated in the Notice, and (c) the
        proposed Transferee agrees to be bound by the terms and
        provisions of this Agreement and to become a party to this
        Agreement immediately upon receipt of such Shares. If such
        Shares are not so transferred, the selling Holder must give
        notice in accordance with this paragraph prior to any other or
        subsequent Transfer of such Shares.]{.underline}

    e.  [Notwithstanding Section 3(a), a Holder may Transfer Shares: (i)
        to a member of the Holder\'s Immediate Family or to a trust
        established for the benefit of a member or members of the
        Holder\'s Immediate Family, (ii) to an affiliate or equity
        holder of the Holder, (iii) to a person who is a constituent
        partner of the Holder on the date hereof, or (iv) to the estate
        of any of the foregoing by gift, will or intestate succession;
        provided that the Holder or his representative notifies the
        Company of such Transfer not less than \[NUMBER\] nor more than
        \[NUMBER\] days prior to the Transfer and that the proposed
        transferee agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of
        this Agreement and to become a party to this Agreement
        immediately upon the receipt of such Shares.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[NO TRANSFER TO COMPETITORS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[A Holder may not Transfer any Shares to a competitor of the Company, or
to any shareholder, partner or other beneficial holder of an equity
ownership interest in a competitor, other than pursuant to a merger,
combination, or other transaction approved by the Board of
Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, the Company\'s obligations to pay or complete payment for any
Shares to be purchased by it under this Agreement is subject to its
being legally permitted to do so under the tests contained in Sections
\[NUMBER\] of the \[STATE/PROVINCE/COUNTRY\] General Corporation Law or
any successor statute applicable thereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[LEGEND ON STOCK CERTIFICATES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Each certificate representing shares owned of record or beneficially by
a party to this Agreement shall be endorsed with the following
legend:]{.underline}

[THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A RIGHT OF
FIRST REFUSAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN \[NAME OF COMPANY\] (THE COMPANY) AND
THE HOLDERS THAT ARE SIGNATORIES THERETO, PROVIDING FOR, AMONG OTHER
MATTERS, THE COMPANY\'S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL TO PURCHASE THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT IS
ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OFFICE OF THE COMPANY.]{.underline}

[Under no circumstances shall any Transfer of any Shares subject hereto
be valid until the proposed transferee thereof shall have executed and
become a party to this Agreement and thereby shall have become subject
to all of the provisions hereof; and notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Agreement, no such Transfer of any kind shall in any
event result in the non-applicability of the provisions hereof at any
time to any of the Shares subject hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM OF AGREEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The restrictions on Transfer of Shares set forth in this Agreement
shall terminate upon any of the following:]{.underline}

a.  [The determination of the Board of Directors that this Agreement
    shall be terminated.]{.underline}

b.  [The dissolution or bankruptcy of the Company.]{.underline}

c.  [The consummation of a public offering for any of the common stock
    of the Company registered under the \[LAW/CODE/ACT\].]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[ACKNOWLEDGMENTS ]{.underline}**

[Each Holder acknowledges that other shareholders of the Company may
have restrictions on their shareholdings different than the terms
contained herein.]{.underline}

1.  **[FURTHER ASSURANCES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Each party hereto agrees to perform any and all further acts and to
execute and deliver any documents which may reasonably be necessary to
carry out the provisions of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement as applied to any Holder may be amended at any time by
the written agreement of the Company and a Holder affected
thereby.]{.underline}

1.  **[WILL PROVISIONS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Each Holder agrees to insert in his or her will, or to execute a
codicil thereto, directing and authorizing his or her executor to
fulfill and comply with the provisions hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[NOTICE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be delivered in person
or sent by telecopier, air courier or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage and fees prepaid in all cases; in the case of the
Company, to the then current address of its then principal business
office, to the attention of the Chairman of its Board of Directors, and,
in the case of a Holder, to the address of such Holder shown on the
signature page hereto, or to such other address as will have been
specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Notice shall be
effective upon delivery if it is hand-delivered; upon receipt if it is
transmitted by telecopier, air courier or registered, certified or
express mail; upon expiration of the third business day after deposit in
the \[COUNTRY\] mail if mailed from and to an address in the
\[COUNTRY\]; and upon expiration of the tenth business day after deposit
in the \[COUNTRY\] mail if mailed from or to an address outside the
\[COUNTRY\].]{.underline}

1.  **[SUCCESSION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and upon their permitted successors in interest of any
kind whatsoever, their heirs, executors, administrators, and personal
representatives.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] as such laws are applied to agreements
between \[STATE/PROVINCE\] residents entered into and to be performed
entirely within \[STATE/PROVINCE\], without regard to conflicts of law
\[PRINCIPLES\]. The parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state or federal courts located in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], for the resolution of any disputes arising out of
this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[COUNTERPARTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of
which will be an original, but all of which together will constitute one
and the same instrument.]{.underline}

1.  **[SOLE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements and
understandings pertaining thereto whether oral or written.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSTRUCTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The titles of the sections of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and are not to be considered in construing this
Agreement. The language of this Agreement shall be construed as to its
fair meaning and not strictly for or against any party.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be
unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded
from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall be
enforceable in accordance with its terms and interpreted as if such
provisions were as excluded.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEY FEES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In the event that any dispute among the parties hereto should result in
litigation or arbitration, the prevailing party in such dispute shall be
entitled to recover from the other party all reasonable fees, costs and
expenses of enforcing any right of the prevailing party, including
without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees and
expenses.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

COMPANY FIRST HOLDER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

[SECOND HOLDER THIRD HOLDER]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[CONSENT OF SPOUSE]{.underline}**

[The undersigned spouse(s) of the party (parties) to the foregoing
Agreement acknowledge(s) on his or her own behalf that: I have read the
foregoing Agreement and I know its contents. I am aware that by its
provisions my spouse grants the Company an option to purchase all of his
or her shares of the Company, including my community interest in them. I
hereby consent to the sale, approve of the provisions of the Agreement,
and agree that those shares and my interest in them are subject to the
provisions of the Agreement and that I will take no action at any time
to hinder operation of the Agreement on those shares or my interest in
them.]{.underline}

SPOUSE SPOUSE

Signature Signature

Name Name

SPOUSE SPOUSE

Signature Signature

Name Name
