**STOCK AGREEMENT**

This Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[CORPORATION NAME\]** (the \"Corporation\"), an individual
having is principal place of living located at:

**AND: \[STOCKHOLDER NAME\]** (the \"First Stockholder\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[STOCKHOLDER NAME\]** (the \"Second Stockholder\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

A.  The above-named stockholders desire to assure continuity of
    ownership of the corporation.

B.  The stockholders, after mutual consultations, have agreed, in order
    to insure such continuity, to restrict the sale or transfer of
    shares of the corporation, both during the lifetime and at the death
    of any of the stockholders.

For the reasons above set forth, and in consideration of the mutual
covenants and promises of the parties hereto, the corporation and the
stockholders agree as follows:

1.  **FIRST RIGHT OF PURCHASE IN CORPORATION**

If any stockholder shall, during the stockholder's lifetime, desire to
sell or transfer all or any part of the stockholder's shares of stock in
the corporation, the stockholder shall first offer to sell the
above-mentioned shares to the corporation at a price per share equal to
the then book value of each of the shares as of the last day of the
calendar month next preceding the date the shares are offered for sale.
Book value shall be determined by the independent certified accountants
for the corporation and such valuation shall be in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistent with the method of
accounting then employed by the corporation and shall be binding on the
parties.

1.  **OFFER TO OTHER STOCKHOLDERS IF CORPORATION DOES NOT PURCHASE**

The offer to sell shall be communicated in writing by the selling
stockholder to the board of directors of the corporation and to all
other stockholders, and the corporation shall have a period of
\[NUMBER\] days after receipt of such notice in which to exercise its
rights to purchase the shares at a price determined as specified in
Section One. If the corporation shall refuse or neglect to notify the
selling stockholder in writing of its intention to purchase the shares
within the \[NUMBER\]-day period, or if the corporation is prohibited by
law from making such a purchase or redemption, the selling stockholder
shall then notify in writing the other stockholders of the stockholder's
intention to sell and the number of shares offered for sale and the
other stockholders shall have an additional period of \[NUMBER\] days
within which to accept the offer to sell on the same terms and
conditions as offered to the corporation, each of the other stockholders
having the right to purchase the number of shares owned by the selling
stockholder equal to such purchasing stockholders' proportionate
ownership of the corporation immediately prior to the receipt of such
offer to sell.

1.  **STOCKHOLDER'S RIGHTS IF NEITHER CORPORATION NOR OTHER STOCKHOLDERS
    EXERCISE OPTION**

If neither the corporation nor the other stockholders elect to purchase
the shares within the time limited on the terms set forth above, the
stockholder desiring to sell or transfer his or her shares shall be free
to do so to any other person or corporation free of any restrictions
provided herein; provided, however, that such sale or transfer shall not
be on terms less favorable to the selling stockholder unless the less
favorable terms are re-offered to the corporation and/or the other
stockholders as herein provided. If the sale or transfer to any other
such person or corporation is not completed within \[NUMBER\] days after
the expiration of the periods of time set forth in this agreement, the
selling stockholder must, before making any subsequent sale or transfer,
re-offer the shares to the corporation and/or the other stockholders as
provided in this agreement.

1.  **CLOSING OF SALE**

The closing of the sale and transfer of such shares to the corporation
or to the other stockholders of the corporation shall take place within
\[NUMBER\] days after the acceptance of the selling stockholders' offer
to sell and the purchase price so determined shall be paid by the
purchasers to the seller by means of a promissory note due \[NUMBER\]
years from date, bearing interest at the rate of \[%\] per annum on the
unpaid principal balance, principal payable in full at the end of the
\[NUMBER\]-year term, plus interest. Such promissory note shall permit
prepayment at any time without penalty.

Simultaneously with such payments, the stock of the selling stockholder
shall be delivered to the purchaser in such form as to effectively
transfer such shares, at which time such selling stockholder's rights as
a shareholder of the corporation shall cease to exist as to the shares
so transferred.

1.  **DEATH OF STOCKHOLDER**

On the death of a stockholder named above, the corporation shall
purchase and the estate or personal representative of the deceased
stockholder shall sell the decedent's stock in the corporation for a
consideration equal to the book value of such stock as established by
the accountants for the corporation as herein provided above. In the
event the corporation is then prohibited by law from making such
purchase or redemption of the decedent's shares of stock in the
corporation, the then surviving stockholders of the corporation shall
purchase and the decedent\'s estate shall sell all of the shares of
stock owned by the decedent on the date of his or her death at the same
price and on the same terms and conditions as set forth above. In the
event of the survival of two or more stockholders of the corporation;
each shall be jointly and severally liable to the decedent\'s estate for
the purchase price, but as between them they shall share such liability
in the ratio that the number of the shares of stock respectively owned
by them at the time of the decedent's death bears to the aggregate
number of such shares and the shares of stock owned by the decedent's
estate shall, in like manner, be apportioned between them based on their
proportionate ownership of the shares of stock of the corporation at the
date of the decedent\'s death. The closing of the sale and purchase of
the shares by the corporation or, in the event of its inability to
complete the purchase by the surviving stockholders shall be made within
\[NUMBER\] months after the date of the deceased stockholder's death. In
making the valuation of the shares, the accountants for the corporation
shall determine the book value as herein provided as of the end of the
calendar month next preceding the date of the decedent's death.

1.  **LEGEND ON STOCK CERTIFICATE**

No stockholder of the corporation shall sell or offer to sell to a
person not a party to this agreement, nor transfer or assign any of his
or her right, title, or interest in or to any stock owned by the
stockholder during the stockholder's lifetime nor shall a stockholder's
heirs, personal representatives, successors, or assigns make any such
sale or transfer of such shares after the death of any of the
stockholders except in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
agreement. Certificates of stock subject to this agreement shall be
endorsed as follows: "This certificate of stock is subject to a stock
purchase agreement between its owners, the issuing corporation, and the
other stockholders thereof, dated \[DATE\] and is transferable only in
accordance with the agreement."

1.  **TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT**

This agreement shall terminate and become null and void on the
occurrence of any of the following events:

A.  Cessation of the corporate business or enterprise during the
    lifetime of the stockholders;

B.  Bankruptcy or receivership or dissolution of the corporation;

C.  Death of the stockholders simultaneously or within a period of
    \[NUMBER\] days, one from the other; or

D.  Mutual agreement of termination executed by all of the stockholders
    of the corporation and shown in the minute book.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written.

CORPORATION FIRST STOCKHOLDER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

SECOND STOCKHOLDER

Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title
