**TRANSFER OF STOCK AGREEMENT**

[This Transfer of Stock Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**BETWEEN: \[BUYER NAME\]** (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[SHAREHOLDER]{.underline}[
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Shareholder\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

1.  **[TERMS]{.underline}**

[The undersigned Shareholder hereby assigns, sells, and transfers to
Buyer \[NUMBER OF SHARES\] shares of \[COMMON OR PREFERRED\] stock of
\[NAME OF COMPANY\] ("Company") owned by Shareholder ("Stock"). The
purchase price shall be as indicated below, and shall be paid by Buyer
within \[NUMBER\] days of Buyer having received an executed copy of this
Agreement with the stock certificate representing the Stock duly
endorsed to Buyer. The Shareholder represents that he or she owns the
Stock free and clear of all liens, security interests, claims, or other
encumbrances and that Buyer will obtain good, valid and marketable title
to the Stock.]{.underline}

[Number of Shares of ]{.underline}

[Company Stock Being Sold: ]{.underline}

[Aggregate Purchase Price: ]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
pertaining to its Subject matter and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, understandings,
negotiations, and discussions, whether oral or written with respect to
its subject matter. This Agreement may only be amended in writing,
signed by both parties. This Agreement shall be construed as to its fair
language and not strictly for or against any party.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by each of the
individual parties hereto on the date first above written.]{.underline}

BUYER SHAREHOLDER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
