Accounts Receivable, Specific Assignment

For valuable consideration,** **the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the undersigned assigns and transfers to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Assignee") the
accounts receivable listed to in Exhibit A (collectively the \"Assigned
Accounts\") as a general and continuing collateral security for payment
of all existing and future indebtedness and liability of the undersigned
to the Assignee and any ultimate unpaid balance thereof, and as a first
and prior claim upon the Assigned Accounts. The undersigned further
agrees as follows:

1\. The Assignee may collect, sell or otherwise deal with the Assigned
Accounts or any part thereof in such manner, upon such terms and
conditions and at such time or times as may seem to it advisable and
without notice to the undersigned (except as otherwise required by
applicable law), and may charge on its own behalf and pay to others
reasonable sums for expenses incurred and for services rendered
(expressly including legal advice and services) in or in connection with
collecting, realizing, selling or obtaining payment of the Assigned
Accounts and may add the amount of such sums to the indebtedness of the
undersigned.

2\. The Assignee shall not be liable or accountable for any failure to
collect, realize, sell or obtain payment of the Assigned Accounts or any
part thereof and shall not be bound to institute proceedings for the
purpose of collecting, realizing or obtaining payment of the same or for
the purpose of preserving any rights of the Assignee, the undersigned or
any other person, firm or corporation in respect of the same.

3\. The Assignee may grant extensions of time and other indulgences,
take and give up securities, accept compositions, grant releases and
discharges and otherwise deal with the undersigned, debtors of the
undersigned, sureties and others and with the Assigned Accounts and
other securities as the Assignee may see fit without prejudice to the
liability of the undersigned or the Assignee\'s right to hold and
realize this security.

4\. All moneys collected or received by the undersigned in respect of
the Assigned Accounts shall be received as trustee for the Assignee and
shall be forthwith paid to the Assignee.

*5.* All moneys collected or received by the Assignee in respect of the
Assigned Accounts (whether by virtue of paragraph 4 or otherwise) may be
applied on account of such parts of the indebtedness and liability of
the undersigned as to the Assignee seems best or in the discretion of
the Assignee may be released to the undersigned, all without prejudice
to the Assignee\'s claims upon the undersigned.

6\. The undersigned shall on request furnish to the Assignee in writing
all information requested relating to the Assigned Accounts and the
Assignee shall be entitled to inspect the securities, bills, notes,
books, papers and other documents or take temporary custody thereof and
for such purposes the Assignee shall have access to all premises
occupied by the undersigned.

7\. The undersigned shall on the Assignee\'s request do, make and
execute all such financing statements, further assignments, documents,
acts, matters and things as may be required by the Assignee of or with
respect to the Assigned Accounts or any part thereof or as may be
required to give effect to these presents, including, but not limited to
obtaining waivers and subordinations of interests in the Assigned
Accounts from any persons having a prior claim or interest thereto. The
undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints the Assignee the true and
lawful attorney of the undersigned irrevocable with full power or
substitution to do, make and execute all such statements, assignments,
documents, acts, matters or things with the right to use the name of the
undersigned whenever and wherever it may be deemed necessary or
expedient.

8\. The provisions hereof shall go to the benefit of the successors and
assigns of the Assignee and shall be binding upon the respective heirs,
executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

9\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Assignee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Assignor:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

10\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

11\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

12\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

13\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

14\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Assignee Assignor

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Accounts Receivable, Specific Assignment

Review List

This review list is provided to help you prepare this Accounts
Receivable Specific Assignment Agreement. As a practical matter, this
document will probably only be used in private transactions since most
financial institutions require the use of their own documents. This is
done primarily so all agreements for like financial instruments are the
same so that the bankers, collectors, and lawyers know down to the comma
what their rights and responsibilities are. Having said that, this
document can used effectively to obtain private financing, in a more
secure manner, than a straight equity deal. This is especially true
since the stock market appears to be going sideways for a while.

1.  Make sure both parties sign the agreement in at least duplicate and
    that you keep an extra copy in both your corporate minute book (this
    kind of transaction requires Board approval) and in the
    banking/lending file. As with other key corporate documents, you
    should consider keeping a third copy in your corporate records at
    home or at the office.

2.  The toughness of this Agreement, and the attendant cost, should make
    you think twice about accepting this kind of funding versus other
    forms of lending and equity. If your accounts are solid and pay
    within specified limits, this type of agreement can work out well
    (it has for me in the past). However, if chargebacks and disputes
    play any significant role in your A/R, as they often do in the high
    tech world, beware of the consequences for traditional A/R
    lending---which this is. The paperwork requires backing out and
    accounting for each and every one of these transactions and tend to
    undermine the confidence of the lender. Chargebacks are poison to
    them; understood and agreed upon discounts are another matter
    entirely. Lender like all of the water out of the beef and a clean
    A/R ledger they can rely on, absolutely, because this is their
    collateral. Anything other than this is always problematic---as well
    as time consuming for all parties.

3.  Finally, this kind of lending, no matter what the specific
    agreement, is a time consuming and expensive one to administrate. It
    usually involves significant management oversight. We are delighted
    at Simply Media to not need this kind of financing. In sum, this
    form of lending can give you needed working capital if you really
    need it. But, it comes with a pretty high price, beyond the actual
    costs of the interest. Since most agreements are more easily entered
    than exited, and this one is no exception, carefully and practically
    review the consequences of relying on this type of financing before
    engaging in it.
