Agreement for Judgment, with Debtor

I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, ("Debtor") hereby agree for
judgment against me for \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as of today,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Creditor").
I, Debtor, do further agree not to protest any collections efforts, in
any Court of law or otherwise, against me for this amount of money, plus
accrued interest, and any legal fees, by Creditor, its successors or
assigns.

I further agree, not to protest any attachments to any property I own
directly or indirectly, in any Court of law or otherwise, for
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Judgment Amount") plus accrued interest and
any legal fees incurred by Debtor, its successors or assigns.

This Agreement for Judgment arises out of my default on a Note or Notes
for \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, plus accrued interest and legal fees, due on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

I, Debtor, do agree to this Agreement for Judgment without any
reservations and in consideration of immediate forbearance, for 10 days,
on collection for my Note in Default to Creditor. Creditor does hereby
agree to accept this Agreement for Judgment in return for Debtor's
Agreement to permit entry of a Judgment for the above amount in a Court
of competent jurisdiction immediately.

A copy of the original Note or Notes is (are) attached.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Debtor

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Creditor

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Enc. Copy or copies of the Note or Notes outstanding.

Agreement for Judgment, with Debtor

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This Agreement for Judgment
should be used by a Creditor with a Debtor after the Default date under
a note has passed. The Creditor benefits by getting the Debtor to waive
any contest of the note; the Debtor gains by getting an extention of the
collection process; both parties win by cutting down on their legal
expenses.

Creditors are advised to move more carefully in the collection process
in order to increase the commitment of the Debtor to repayment. This
helps a well intentioned Debtor by providing more time; it assists the
Creditor by eliminating legal hurdles to perfecting their interests in
the assets of the Debtor.

If the Debtor will not sign the Agreement, then move instantly to formal
foreclosure for judgment in the appropriate court of law. You should
seek legal counsel to execute these tasks and assist in collecting the
outstanding judgment, interest, and legal costs due under the original
note.

1.  Both parties should sign the Agreement. Creditor should maintain the
    file and keep the originals.
