Bad Check Notice-First Notice

Date:

Dear Sir or Madam:

Your check \# \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, drawn by you for \$
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, and payable to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ has been returned by your
bank or financial institution unpaid. They state the cause was for
insufficient funds.

Please replace this check immediately with cash, credit card, or a bank
check for the original amount of the check plus the standard return
check fee of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, for a total amount of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

After receipt of your replacement payment, we will return your old
check. When you make the replacement payment, your old check will be
returned to you.

Please forward your payment to the above address. Please either bring
your payment to us today or send it out today. Thank you for your prompt
attention to this matter of concern to both of us.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Individual or Company Representative

Enc. Copy of Check

Bad Check Notice-First Notice

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is, in part, a sales
letter. A bad check indicates someone living on the edge. They made an
effort to pay but just did not have the financial resources to make good
on the payment. This undoubtedly means they are under pressure and
squeezed in general. Your letter should encourage them to put you at the
top of their list, ahead of other creditors, who may be pressing for
payment as well.

Most insufficient fund checks are made good. Therefore, if you play your
cards right, you can have the check writer both pay the amount to you
and be grateful to you for your reasonableness. This is the card to play
at this stage. If you do not get paid, then go to plan B, the Final
Notice, threatening collection in Small Claims Court.

1.  Sign the letter. If you know the signor individually, then you may
    want to jot down a brief note or call them to inform them of the
    problem. In this instance, you will know better how to proceed. If
    you don't know them personally, a polite but firm letter usually
    works best.

2.  The beauty of a letter is it provides the recipient a chance to save
    face by making good on the debt without having to confront you
    personally. This option is usually a good one for you with a flaky
    debtor who is up and down, but not a serious problem.

3\. Keep the original in a separate file with a copy of the
correspondence. If you must file for collection, this gets you ready and
prepared in advance. Courts love paper; so collect and docket it.
