Bad Check Notice-Final Notice

Date:

Dear Sir or Madam:

Your check \# \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, drawn by you for \$
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, and payable to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ was been returned by your
bank or financial institution unpaid. They stated the cause was for
insufficient funds.

We requested you replace that check two weeks ago. Time is of the
essence for you to do so now; otherwise, we will be forced to sue for
collection in Small Claims Court, and you will be assessed those charges
as well. Therefore, to prevent this from happening, please replace your
check immediately with cash, credit card, or a bank check for the
original amount of the check plus the standard return check fee of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, for a total amount of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

After receipt of your replacement payment, we will return your old
check. When you make the replacement payment, your old check will be
returned to you.

Please forward your payment to the above address. Please either bring
your payment to us today or send it out today. Thank you for your prompt
attention to this matter of concern to both of us.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Individual or Company Representative

Enc. Copy of Check

Bad Check Notice-Final Notice

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is, in part, a sales
letter. A bad check indicates someone living on the edge. They made an
effort to pay but just did not have the financial resources to make good
on the payment. This undoubtedly means they are under pressure and
squeezed in general. Your letter should encourage them to put you at the
top of their list, ahead of other creditors, who may be pressing for
payment as well.

Most insufficient fund checks are made good. Therefore, if you play your
cards right, you can have the check writer both pay the amount to you
and be grateful to you for your reasonableness. This is the card was
played out in the last notice. Since you didn't get paid on the first
notice, you must now go to plan B, the Final Notice, threatening
collection in Small Claims Court.

1.  Sign the letter

2.  Your debt is now in trouble. You should press quickly for collection
    now.

3\. Use the separate file you kept after the first notice to prepare
your Small Claims claim. You should keep several on hand and fill them
out in a group, once a month or per quarter, depending on the number of
these issues you have. Just the act of filing the claim usually gets the
bill collected in just over 50% of the cases. If you must go to court,
better to do so with a group of these so you do not spend an inordinate
amount of time on them.

4\. If this is a larger amount than small claims court allows, then turn
the matter over to the police for criminal action at this stage, and
replace the wording above to reflect that---if they do not respond in 10
days. If you are concerned about this step, which you may well be,
discuss it with your attorney.
