Credit Card, Negotiations for Better Terms

Name on Account:

Account Number:

Dear Customer Services Representative:

This letter serves as notification of my refusal of the new terms
offered by you in connection with my credit card. Please cancel my
credit card unless you will do the following:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

I will assume that the account has been closed unless I hear that you
have modified your terms as requested above.

Thank you for your good services to date, which have been much
appreciated.

Please let me know of your decision at your earliest convenience but
without disrupting your normal review process timetable.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Writer

Credit Card, Negotiations for Better Terms

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This letter is an attempt to
negotiate better terms with your Credit Card company. As with most
negotiations (see also our [Negotiations Handbook]{.underline} disc),
your most promising approach is to narrow your focus. In this case, you
should either ask for an elimination or reduction of the annual fee or a
lower interest rate on unpaid balances. To ask for both is to risk
getting neither. The best way to eat the elephant is one bite at a time.
If you focus on one item, and get it this year, ask for the other one
next year. Credit card companies, as with most suppliers, are apt to
accept small concessions, one at a time. This one may be small enough to
be discharged by the first level of order clerk. If so, you will
probably get it. Then, take the same tactic next year and perhaps you
can get that as well. As Wall Street says, "Be a bear, be a bull, but
don't be a pig!"
