Debit Your Account, Repetitive Authorization

Date:

Dear Sir or Madam:

You are authorized and directed to debit our Account, named
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, with our bank account number:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, for \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ for a
monthly payment to be made on the 15^th^ day of each any every month
until you are notified otherwise in writing, the payment being payable
to: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name), at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Bank), with account number
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and ABA Routing Number
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Please charge our account any fees
to accomplish this transaction.

This shall be your good and sufficient authority for doing so.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Signer of Account

cc Recipient of debit

Debit Your Account, Repetitive Authorization

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Debiting accounts has become
a quick way to transfer funds to pay obligations and can bring
advantages to both parties. Be sure the signer is an authorized signer
of the account being debited. You are advised to use the same form,
signed by the same person, to expedite this at your Bank. After they get
to know you, the Bank will often accept a faxed notice versus a hand
delivered one. You do not need a witness since you do not need one for a
normal bank check.

If you establish a regular and repetitive debit authorization system,
your payee may grand you an additional discount. Consider taking
advantage of it and, at a minimum, inquire to see if you can negotiate
such a discount in return for this highly predictable and regular
payment method.
