Debt Settlement Letter, from Debtor

Date:

Settlement Talks Only

Name of Creditor (Person to Whom Debt is Owed)

Address:

Dear Sir or Madam:

I refer to our recent discussion, pursuant to which we disputed the
amount being claimed by you in relation to our alleged outstanding
balance or bill with you.

You offered to settle the matter in full for \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
of an originally claimed amount of \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. In
addition, you also agreed to acknowledge that this settlement would
extinguish any debt we owed you as of the date of your receipt of that
sum.

We have not received your confirming offer to do this in writing. Please
forward it at your earliest convenience.

By accepting such payment, you are deemed to have accepted the same in
full satisfaction of such obligation, and we will accordingly be able to
rely on that representation and consider the debt to be satisfied in
full.

Our discussion above does not prejudice any rights we may have against
you for the various reasons outlined to you before and others not
discussed yet. In addition, this settlement discussion is done in good
faith and therefore does not prejudice our rights.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Debtor (s)

Debt Settlement Letter, Debtor

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Early efforts to settle a
debt, especially with an offer of a 100% payout of the reduced sum,
often result in big savings for the debtor as well as extinguishing a
nasty dispute. The challenge is to avoid being trapped by sending in
money in settlement that the debtor then claims is only for balance
reduction. The way to avoid this is to require a clear settlement offer
from the creditor prior to tendering the money. Also, you are always on
stronger ground if they draft the agreement because they then have more
of the burden of proof on them, as the drafter, than you do, as well as
they are more comfortable, as a rule, with their own documents.

Debt reduction negotiations depend largely, as in most negotiations, on
how strong the other side's hand is. If they have good security, you
cannot do much but you usually can do 10% to 20%. If they have no
security, and are concerned about you as a credit risk, they may be
willing to take a discount of 25% to 50%, or more. The other factor in
the equation is "when" to make your pitch for a reduced offer. Generally
the company credit people themselves are unwilling to do this though
they will turn it over, often, to contingency credit people who will
take a third off whatever is collected plus offer you a reduced amount.

In our experience, you can try with the original holder but remember you
will get another crack at it with the collection people they assign the
case to. As with all negotiations, it is a matter of how good you are at
it and your ability to settle at a reasonable number for them as well as
yourself.

1.  The term "settlement talks only" has a specific meaning to most
    lawyers and collection people. Courts like settlement talks. If you
    say this is for Settlement Talks Only, most courts will not want to
    review the letter and, most importantly, not let the other side
    abuse you with it, if it comes down to trial. This is as much a
    custom as a legal fact or theory; therefore, you cannot rely on it
    absolutely but it should be at least somewhat helpful.

2.  The other language is constructed so you do not get trapped into
    paying the settlement amount and then be dunned for the balance. The
    best way to achieve this is to get them to send you the offer
    themselves.

3.  Many collection people try to whip up emotions to get you going and
    embarrass you into paying. This is a business for them. If they use
    this approach, it is only a tactic. Do not be put off. Don't argue.
    Just be firm about what you can and cannot do. In this case, being
    weak is to come out better (that is, with a lower settlement
    percentage). Remember, they get paid on commission, as a rule,
    unless you are dealing with in-house people (and even then many do),
    so time is money for them. Interestingly, there is more pressure on
    them to go down to the final limit of their discount
    authority---than there is for you. If you gauge this correctly, you
    can estimate pretty well when they get there. Then you need to take
    the offer, if you can, and pay it. See our [Negotiation
    Handbook]{.underline} disc, with various role playing scenarios and
    text, for more information on how to deal with negotiations---an
    always challenging subject!
