Guarantee, Termination

To: (Holder of Guarantee)

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

This notifies you formally of our termination of our Guarantee,
effective immediately, related to our Guarantee, a copy of which is
enclosed, and was given to you by us pursuant to which we guaranteed the
ongoing obligations of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name).

Please accept this letter as formal notification to you that I am
terminating all future obligations under the Guarantee effective as
today's date, under this Guarantee and any other (s) you may be holding
relating to this matter.

This termination notice is given to you in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the

Guarantee.

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
Maker of Guarantee

cc Person or Entity whose obligations were guaranteed.

Exhibit 1: Copy of Guarantee

Guarantee, Termination

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Terminating your guarantee
only limits your liabilities from the date received by the party who has
your guarantee. Therefore, you must send it by registered mail, by
courier with signature required, or by a recognized overnight delivery
service by a firm such as FedEx.

You should only take this action if you believe the party whose debt you
are guaranteeing will continue to make payments against the guarantee
outstanding and the party holding the guarantee will not just use this
to call the debt and therefore put you back in the same place you were
before, except matters may be even worse now if you have triggered a
default on the matter.

These terminations are usually used by principals in businesses who no
longer have those roles and whose guarantees were secondary, or good
faith, guarantees of the debts in question. In these instances, the
Termination can be very helpful over the long term to extricate you from
these contingent liabilities. I have made use of this approach
effectively in the past when selling a business or transferring
management roles to another party.

The key cautionary note is to avoid taking this action if you believe it
will trigger a default which, in turn, will weaken the original party
and put your guarantee front and center for collection by the holder of
your guarantee. Watch out for this boomerang problem.
