Guarantor, Letter trying to Collect From

Date:

Name & Address of party written to

Dear Sir or Madam:

We are the holder of your Guaranty of the debts and obligations of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name of Person) whose debts are being
Guaranteed (\"Debtor\") to us in the amount of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, a copy of which is
enclosed.

The Debtor has defaulted in payment to us. In accordance with the terms
of the Guaranty, we hereby demand payment in full of the outstanding
debt in the amount \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
together with interest thereon at the rate of \_\_\_ Interest as
provided for in the Agreement, from this date forward.

We are sorry the matter has reached this stage but find no alternative
since we are unable to collect these funds from the debtor. We would be
delighted to consider working out a payment plan if you, and with your
persuasive powers with the debtor, need to do so separately or together.

Please note that while we would like to discuss this matter with you in
depth we are obligated by law to inform you any information received
will be used to collect this debt.

As you undoubtedly know, the attached guarantee provides for our being
able to collect our legal and collection costs in this matter.
Therefore, it is in your interest to pay us immediately, cause us to be
paid by the original debtor, or work out a solid payment plan
immediately.

Please contact us immediately to advise us of whether you will pay the
demand in full or request another payment plan. If we do not hear from
you in 15 days, we will be forced to place this for collection in the
first of several steps to reduce this debt to a Court Judgment to be
enforced against the original debtor and yourself.

You can reach us at the above number on the letterhead.

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Employee or Individual

cc Original Debtor or Debtors

Guarantor, Trying to Collect from

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document and
assist you in its preparation. Collecting money is more a sales function
than anything else. This is especially true in your first contact with
the "other side." In this case, this is the first direct letter to the
Guarantor, giving them the bad news that they may have to come through
and pay the debt for the party they guaranteed if for.

Since you only have one chance to make a first impression, it is
important to use it wisely here. You have substantial legal leverage
with a guarantee to back up any threats you wish to make later. On your
first contact, however, we strongly recommend you try to encourage
payment as opposed to launch a hardball attack on the other side. First,
the Guarantor will be mad at the nonpaying debtor. You can use that to
your advantage and encourage them to help you collect the debt from the
debtor so they do not have to do so.

The best way to achieve this is to get this initial letter out early in
the collection process. In other words, get the letter out to the
guarantor before the debt is very late and while small payments can
bring it current and possibly get it reinstated, depending on your
circumstances and the credit standards of your company, or yourself
personally.

Another reason for a more friendly approach is that collection agents
and lawyers have pursued debts more vigorously in the last decade than
ever before, with a more varied approach and with hardball tactics.
Debtors have been worn down by the process and are quick to seek
bankruptcy protection, as the increasingly caseload shows. You don't
want to drive them there and you don't want them to be immediately in
that total adversary position with you. We recommend you initially try
to get them back on a paying basis.

1.  Be sure you include the legal warning that all information received
    will be used to collect a debt. Be sure to orally advise them if you
    speak with them.

2.  Sign the letter and mark 21 days off to send a second demand letter
    (21 days provides a little extra time for the mail and delays).

3.  We recommend the person handling the matter sign the letter
    personally and include a direct phone line and extension as
    applicable. The personal touch gets money in the door, in our
    experience, as well as being a politer way of operating.
