Board of Directors Meeting, Agenda

Date of Meeting:

Place of Meeting:

[Items on the Agenda]{.underline}:

I. Approval of Minutes of last meeting.

2\. Itemized list of topics.

3\. Update from company.

4\. Board members contacts with potential customers or other useful
parties.

5\. Board member issues, questions, or concerns.

6\. Question and answer period.

7\. Concluding comments.

This Board meeting agenda is sent to you in advance of the meeting so
you can prepare for it and make additional suggestions you have with
regard to topics to be discussed. Please promptly fax us any of these
suggestions so we can be prepared to incorporate your issues, questions,
or concerns into the meeting format. Note that we have made specific
provision for these matters in Agenda item #5.

Perhaps even more importantly, we welcome any contacts you may have for
us to follow-up with to get new customers. Any help you can give us in
this regard yourself personally or through your own network, would be
much appreciated by your fellow Board Members, the shareholders, and the
management of the company.

We look forward to seeing you at the next Board meeting of your company
and receiving your input. We are having an informal dinner the night
before the meeting at: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (time and place)
for Board members. The purpose is to encourage a wide ranging discussion
among the members that permits some brain storming as to what we should
be doing to best increase shareholder value. I hope you will join us.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

President

PS. Let us know if you can make the meeting by email, phone, or fax.
Even if you don't think you can make it now, hold open the option and
just show up at the last minute if you can! Thanks.

Board of Directors Meeting, Agenda

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document and
assist you in its preparation. Board meetings can be very fruitful
events, especially in small to medium companies that lack the breadth of
larger companies in senior management. These members can bring you a
great deal of helpful advice, contacts, suggestions, and strategies.

Serious people want advanced agendas. To the extent you can provide
advance data to your members, you will get better results. You need to
do this in the good times so in the bad ones you can lean on them for
their advice, counsel, and financial support.

1.  Sign the letters personally. Inscribe a personal note. Provide
    directions to the restaurant or other location of the dinner.
    Include product, service, or other information with the letter to
    peak their interest and demonstrate your concern for them
    personally.

2.  Keep a copy for your minute book. Also, bring the Agenda to the
    meeting and work off of it. Include the Agenda letter in the
    corporate minutes as part of the meeting, by referencing it in the
    meeting itself.
