# By Laws

of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Corporation)

Section 1. [Offices]{.underline}.

The registered office shall be in the City of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, in the County of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, in the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

The corporation may also have offices at such other places within and
without the State, as the Board of Directors may determine or as the
business of the corporation may require.

[Article 1]{.underline}

[Stockholder Meetings]{.underline}

Section 1. [General]{.underline}.

Meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such a place within or
without the State as is designated by the Board of Directors.

Section 2. [Annual Meeting]{.underline}.

The annual meeting of the stockholders, commencing with the year of
Incorporation shall be held on May 15 of each year at 10 AM at the then
Corporate Headquarters unless it is a legal holiday, then it will be
held on the next business day following.

Any change to the above shall be designated by the Board of Directors
and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall elect by a
plurality vote the Board of Directors, and transact such other business
as may properly be brought before the meeting. Written notice of the
annual meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be
given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than
ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting.
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall
prepare and make, at least twenty (20) days before every meeting of
stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at
the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of
each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each
stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary
business hours, for a period of at least twenty (20) days prior to the
meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be
held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or,
if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The
list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the
meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any
stockholder who is present.

Section 3. [Special Meetings.]{.underline}

Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes,
unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the corporation may be
called by the President and shall be called by the President or
Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of
Directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a
majority in amount of the entire capital stock of the corporation issued
and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the
purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Written notice of a special
meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose
or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less
than ten (IO) or more than sixty (60) days before the date of the
meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. Business
transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to
the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 4. [Quorum]{.underline}.

The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote,** **present in person or represented by proxy, shall
constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the
transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute or by
the Certificate. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or
represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders
entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have
power to adjourn the meeting to a future date at which a quorum shall be
present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum
shall be present or represented any business may be transacted which
might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. Notice
need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place are
announced at the meeting in which the adjournment occurs. If the
adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the
adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a
notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of
record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 5. [Voting]{.underline}.

When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a
majority of the stock having voting power present in person or
represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such
meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of
the statutes or of the Certificate, a different vote is required in
which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision
of such question. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate or by
statute, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be
entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of the capital
stock having voting power held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall
be voted on after two years from its date, unless the proxy provides for
a longer period. Every proxy shall be revocable by the stockholder
executing it, except where an irrevocable proxy is permitted by statute.

Section 6. [Written Consent]{.underline}.

Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate, any action required to be
taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the
corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special
meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth
the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares
entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the
taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous
written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not
consented in writing and to the Secretary of the corporation. Any such
consent shall be filed with the minutes of the corporation.

[ARTICLE 2]{.underline}

[BOARD OF DIRECTORS]{.underline}

Section 1. [Management and Number]{.underline}.

The property, business and affairs of the corporation shall be
controlled and managed by a Board of Directors. The number of directors
to constitute the first Board of Directors is three (3) and such number
may be increased or decreased by future action of the Board of
Directors. Its Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of
the corporation and do all such lawful acts, shall manage the business
of the corporation and things as are not by statute or by the
Certificate or by these bylaws directed or required to be exercised or
done by the stockholders.

Section 2. [Vacancies]{.underline}.

Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in
the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of
the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole
remaining director, and the directors so chosen shall hold office until
the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and
shall qualify, unless sooner displaced. If there are no directors in
office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided
by statute. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created
directorship, the directors then in office shall constitute less than a
majority of the whole Board of Directors (as constituted immediately
prior to any such increase), then the appropriate court of the State
may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders having at least
ten (10%) percent of the total number of shares then outstanding having
the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be
held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships or to
replace directors chosen by the directors then in office.

Section 3. [Locations]{.underline}.

The Board of Directors of the corporation may hold meetings, both
regular and special, at any place convenient for them. If the meeting
location is under dispute, for any reason whatsoever, it shall occur at
the then headquarters of the Company.

Section 4. [First Meeting]{.underline}.

The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall be held
at such time and place as shall be fixed by the vote of the stockholders
at the annual meeting and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary
to the newly elected directors in order legally to constitute the
meeting, provided a quorum shall be present. In the event of the failure
of the stockholders to fix the time or place of such first meeting of
the newly elected Board of Directors, or in the event such meeting is
not held at the time and place so fixed by the stockholders, the meeting
may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice
given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of
Directors, or as shall be specified in a written waiver signed by all of
the directors.

Section 5. [Regular Meetings]{.underline}.

Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at
such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by
the Board of Directors themselves.

Section 6. [Special Meetings]{.underline}.

Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the
President on two days\' notice to each director, either personally or by
mail or by fax, setting forth the time, place and purpose of the
meeting. The President or Secretary shall call special meetings in like
manner and on like notice on the written request of any two directors.
These meetings may be held by video or telephone conference call.

Section 7. [Quorum]{.underline}.

At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a
majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a
quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may
otherwise be specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate. If
a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors,
the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without
notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be
present.

Section 8. [Action by Consent]{.underline}.

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate, any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if a majority of the
members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be,
consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.

Section 9. [Committees, Membership, Powers]{.underline}.

The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the
Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to
consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board of
Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of
any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any
meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member
of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and
not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute
a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of
Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or
disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all
the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of
the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal
of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but
no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to
amending the Certificate; adopting an agreement of merger or
consolidation; recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or
exchange of all or substantially all of the corporation\'s property and
assets; recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the
corporation or a revocation of a dissolution; amending the bylaws of the
corporation; or increasing or decreasing the membership of the Board of
Directors; and, unless the resolution or the Certificate expressly so
provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare
a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock. Such committee or
committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time
to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors.

Section 10. [Committee Meeting Minutes]{.underline}.

Each committee shall appoint a secretary of each meeting and keep
regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of
Directors.

Section 11. [Compensation of Directors]{.underline}.

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate, the Board of Directors
shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The
directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each
meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for
attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and a stated salary
as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving
the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation in that
regard. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like
compensation for attending committee meetings.

[ARTICLE 3]{.underline}

[NOTICES]{.underline}

Section 1. [Notices]{.underline}.

Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate or
of these bylaws, notice is required to be given to any director or
stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such
notice may be given in writing, by mail, addressed to such director or
stockholder at their address as it appears on the records of the
corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be
deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the
US mail. Notice to directors may also be given by fax or a recognized
over night delivery service such as FedEx.

Section 2. [Waivers]{.underline}.

Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the
statutes or of the Certificate or of these bylaws, a waiver thereof in
writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice,
whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed the
equivalent.

[ARTICLE 4]{.underline}

[OFFICERS]{.underline}

Section 1. [Designations]{.underline}.

The Board of Directors shall choose the officers of the corporation and
there shall be a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a President, a
Secretary, and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also choose
additional Vice Presidents, and one or more Assistant Secretaries and
Assistant Treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by the same
person, unless applicable law, the Certificate or these bylaws otherwise
require.

Section 2. [Term Removal]{.underline}.

The Board of Directors at its first meeting and after each annual
meeting of stockholders shall elect a Chairman of the Board of
Directors, choose a President, a Secretary, and a Treasurer. The Board
of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem
necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise
such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined by the Board
of Directors. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until
their successors are chosen. Any officer elected or appointed by the
Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of
a majority if the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall fill
any vacancy occurring in any office of the corporation.

Section 3. [Salaries]{.underline}.

The salaries of all officers and agents of the corporation shall be
fixed by the Board of Directors. Any payments made to an officer of the
corporation as compensation, salary, commission, bonus, interest, or
rent, or in reimbursement of entertainment or travel expense incurred by
said officer, shall be, to the greatest extent practical, a deductible
expense of the corporation for federal and state income tax purposes.

Section 4. [The Chairman of the Board of Directors]{.underline}.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors (if one shall be elected by the
Board of Directors) shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders
and at all meetings of the Board of Directors. The Chairman shall
perform all the duties incident to the office of Chairman of the Board
of Directors and such other duties as the Board of Directors determine
or as may be prescribed by these bylaws. In the absence of the
President, the Chairman shall be the CEO and acting President of the
corporation.

Section 5. [The President & CEO]{.underline}.

The President shall be the chief executive (CEO), shall have general
supervision of the business and finances of the corporation, shall see
that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried
into effect and shall, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, preside at all meetings of the shareholders and directors.
The President may execute all bonds, deeds, mortgages, conveyances,
contracts and other instruments, except in cases where the signing and
execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors
or by these by­laws to some other officer or agent of the corporation,
or shall be required by law otherwise to be signed or executed. The
President shall have the power to appoint, determine the duties and fix
the compensation of such agents and employees as in his judgment may be
necessary or proper for the transaction of the business of the
corporation. In general, the President shall perform all duties incident
to the office of President and such other duties as may from time to
time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors may confer like power on any other person or persons, except
those that by statute are conferred exclusively on the President.

Section 6. [The Corporate Vice Presidents]{.underline}.

The Corporate Vice Presidents shall perform such duties as shall be
assigned to them and shall exercise such powers as may be granted to
them by the Board of Directors or by the President of the corporation.
In the absence of the President and the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, the Corporate Vice Presidents, in order of their seniority,
may perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President with the
same force and effect as if performed by the President and shall
generally assist the President and shall perform the duties and have the
powers prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.

Section 7. [The Secretary]{.underline}.

The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and
all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the
meetings of the corporation and of the Board of Directors in a book to
be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing
committees when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be
given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings
of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be
prescribed by the Board of Directors or President, under whose
supervision he or she shall be. The Secretary shall have custody of the
corporate seal of the corporation and he or she, or an Assistant
Secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument
requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her
signature or by the signature of such Assistant Secretary. The Board of
Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the
seal of the corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature.

Section 8. [Assistant Secretary]{.underline}.

The Assistant Secretary, or if there be more than one, the Assistant
Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors (or if
there be no such determination, then in the order of their election),
shall, in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of his or her
inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers
of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other
powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time to prescribe.

Section 9. [The Treasurer]{.underline}.

The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and
securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and
disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit
all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of
the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board
of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation
as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for
such disbursements, and shall render to the President and the Board of
Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so
requires, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of
the financial condition of the corporation.

Section 10. [Assistant Treasurer]{.underline}.

The Assistant Treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the
Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors
(or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their
election), shall, in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of his
or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the
powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have
such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time
prescribe.

[ARTICLE 5]{.underline}

[CERTIFICATES OF STOCK]{.underline}

Section 1. [Certificates of Stock]{.underline}.

Every holder of stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a
certificate, signed by, or in the name of the corporation by the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President
and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of the corporation, certifying the number of shares
owned by him or her in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on
the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent
or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed
upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent
or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the
corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer,
transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 2. [Lost Certificate]{.underline}.

The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to
be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued
by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the
certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing
such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors
may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance
thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate
or certificates, or his legal representative, to advertise the same in
such manner as it shall require and/or to give the corporation a bond in
such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

Section 3. [Transfers of Stock]{.underline}.

Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the
corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by
proper evidence of succession, assignment, or authority to transfer, it
shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the
person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the
transaction upon its books.

Section 4. [Fixing Record Date]{.underline}.

In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a
meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any
rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for
the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix,
in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor
less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than
sixty (60) days prior to any other action. A determination of
stockholder of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided,
however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the
adjourned meeting.

Section 5. [Registered Stockholders]{.underline}.

The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a
person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive
dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and
assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and
shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or
interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person,
whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as
otherwise provided by the laws of the State.

[ARTICLE 6]{.underline}

[GENERAL PROVISIONS]{.underline}

Section 1. [Dividends]{.underline}.

Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the
provisions of the Certificate, if any, may be declared by the Board of
Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends
may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock,
subject to the provisions of the Certificate.

Section 2. [Reserves]{.underline}.

Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds
of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the
directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper
as a reserve or reserves for working capital, or for such other purpose
as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the
corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in
the manner in which it was created.

Section 3. [Annual Statement]{.underline}.

The Board of Directors shall present at each annual meeting, and at any
special meeting of the stockholders when called for by vote of the
stockholders, a full and clear statement of the business and condition
of the corporation.

Section 4. [Checks and Deposits]{.underline}.

Such officer shall sign all checks or demands for money and notes of the
corporation or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of
Directors may from time to time designate. All funds of the corporation
not otherwise employed may be deposited to the credit of the corporation
in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board of
Directors may from time to time select.

Section 5. [Fiscal Year]{.underline}.

The fiscal year of the corporation end on December 31 of each year
unless otherwise fixed by a resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 6. [Seal]{.underline}.

The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the
corporation, the year of incorporation.

[ARTICLE 7]{.underline}

[AMENDMENTS]{.underline}

Section 1. [Amendments]{.underline}.

These bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed or new bylaws may be
adopted by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors, when such
power is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate, at
any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors or
at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors
if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new
bylaws be contained in the notice of such special meeting.

[ARTICLE 8]{.underline}

[INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE]{.underline}

Section 1. [Indemnification]{.underline}.

A. The corporation shall indemnify to the full extent authorized or
permitted by the general corporation law of the State, as now in effect
or as hereafter amended, any person made, or threatened to be made, a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding
(whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigate, including an
action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that
he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation
or serves or served any other enterprise as such at the request of the
corporation.

B. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which such persons may be entitled apart from
this Article IX. The foregoing right of indemnification shall continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or
agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person.

Section 2. [Insurance]{.underline}.

The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any
person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any
such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or
not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against
such liability under the provisions of the general corporation law of
the State.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Secretary of Corporation Acknowledged by First President

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

By Laws

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. The Bylaws is used only after your corporation has been legally
formed. This form is not used with any type of entity except
corporations.

2\. Bylaws must be approved by the corporation according to the law of
the state where the corporation was formed. In most states, the
directors are empowered to adopt the Bylaws.

3\. Since this is a fundamental part of your corporate charter and
existence, it is important that your lawyer review the By Laws and make
appropriate recommendations and suggestions.

4\. The original kept with your corporate minute book or wherever
important corporate documents are kept. You should also keep a backup
copy in your office or home, with other corporate formality documents.
