# Certificate of Incorporation

1\. [Name]{.underline}.

The name of the Corporation ("Corporation") is
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

2\. [Principal Office and Registered Agent]{.underline}.

The Corporation's registered office in the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is in the City of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, County of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Its registered agent's
name and address is:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

3\. [Purposes]{.underline}.

The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to
engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

4\. [Capital Stock]{.underline}.

The total number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation shall
have authority to issue is \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, all
of which are to be common stock.

5\. [Existence]{.underline}.

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

6\. [Liability of Stockholders]{.underline}.

The private property of the stockholders shall not be subject to the
payment of corporate debts.

7.** **[Management]{.underline}.

Subject to the provisions of the laws of the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, the following provisions are adopted
for the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of
the Corporation, and for defining, limiting and regulating the powers of
the Corporation, the directors and the stockholders:

\(a\) The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place or the
Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

\(b\) The business of the Corporation shall be managed by its Board of
Directors; and the Board of Directors shall have power to exercise all
the powers of the Corporation, including but limited to the power to
create mortgages upon the whole or any part of the property of the
Corporation, real or personal, without any action of or by the
stockholders, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Bylaws.

\(c\) An increase in the number of directors shall be deemed to create a
vacancy or vacancies in the Board of Directors, to be filled in the
manner provided in the Bylaws. Any director or any officer elected or
appointed by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors may be
removed at any time, in such manner as shall be provided in the Bylaws.

\(d\) The Board of Directors shall have power to make and alter Bylaws,
subject to such restrictions upon the exercise of such power as may be
imposed by the stockholders in any bylaws adopted by them from time to
time.

\(e\) The Board of Directors shall have the power, in its discretion, to
fix, determine and vary the amount to be retained as surplus and the
amount or amounts to be set apart out of any of the funds of the
Corporation available for dividends as working capital or a reserve or
reserves for any proper purpose, and to abolish any such reserve in the
manner in which it was created.

\(f\) The Board of Directors shall have the power, in its discretion, to
determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and
under what conditions and regulations the books and accounts of the
Corporation, or any of them, other than the stock ledger, shall be open
to the inspection of stockholders; and no stockholder shall have any
right to inspect any account or book or document of the Corporation,
except as conferred by law or authorized by resolution of the directors
or of the stockholders.

\(g\) Upon any sale, exchange or other disposal of the property and/or
assets of the Corporation, payment may be made either to the Corporation
or directly to the stockholders in proportion to their interests, upon
the surrender of their respective stock certificates, or otherwise, as
the Board of Directors may determine.

\(h\) In case the Corporation shall enter into any contract or transact
any business with one or more of its directors, or with any firm of
which any director is a member, or with any corporation or association
of which any director is a stockholder, director or officer, such
contract or transaction shall not be invalidated or in any way affected
by the fact that such director has or may have an interest therein which
is or might be adverse to the interests of the Corporation, even though
the vote of such director might have been necessary to obligate the
Corporate upon such contract or transaction; provided, that the fact of
such interest shall have been disclosed to the other directors or the
stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, acting upon or with
reference to such contract or transaction.

\(i\) The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change, add to
or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation
in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute; and all rights
herein conferred are granted subject to this reservation.

I, THE UNDERSIGNED, the incorporator before named, for the purpose of
forming a corporation pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the
State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, do make this
Incorporation, declaring and certifying that this is my free act and
deed and the facts stated are true, and accordingly I have set my hand
this \_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (month), \_\_\_\_\_ (year).

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Incorporator

BE IT REMEMBERED that on the above date, the Incorporator personally
came before me and is personally known to me as the same person as
executing the above document and acknowledged that they signed this
document as the individual's free act and deed and declared that the
statements therein contained are true to the best of the person's
knowledge and belief.

Notary Public for the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and seal the day and
year above written.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public

My commission expires: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Certificate of Incorporation

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. Before filing this form with the state, call to confirm the address
and procedure for filing, including fees. Also confirm that the name
selected for the corporation is available and, where appropriate,
reserve the name.

2\. After filing with the state, it may be necessary to file this
document in another office, such as the county recorder of deeds. The
state corporation office where the document is originally filed can
advise about additional filing requirements.

3\. The Certificate of Incorporation is used to form a for-profit
corporation. This form cannot be used to from any type of entity except
a corporation.

4\. Incorporation laws vary from state to state and change over time.
Before using this document, have a lawyer review it.

5\. The original of this document should be kept** **in your corporate
minute book or wherever important corporate documents are kept. A
duplicate set should be kept in your home or business office.
