Corporation Setup, Various Board Approvals

The following approvals of resolutions are made to set up the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Corporation), on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by unanimous written consent of its
Directors.

# [Election of Officers]{.underline}

Resolved that each of the following persons shall be, and hereby is,
elected to serve as an officer of the Corporation, to hold the following
office or offices until the next annual meeting of the Board of
Directors, or until the officer\'s earlier resignation or removal or
until the officer\'s successor shall be duly chosen and shall qualify:

[Office]{.underline} [Name]{.underline} [Address]{.underline}

Chairman of the Board

President

Vice President

Secretary

Treasurer

Assistant Secretary

Assistant Treasurer

# [Corporate Seal]{.underline}

Resolved that the seal containing the name of the Corporation, an
impression of which is affixed in the space below, shall be, and hereby
is adopted and approved as the corporate seal of the Corporation.

# [Calendar Year as Fiscal Year Also]{.underline}

Resolved that the fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar
year, except that the first fiscal year shall begin on the date of
incorporation of the Corporation.

# [Adoption of Form of Corporate Stock Certificate]{.underline}

Resolved that the form of stock certificate to evidence ownership of
shares of common stock of the Corporation which has been presented and
reviewed by each Director of the Corporation shall be, and hereby is,
adopted and approved as the form of stock certificate for the shares of
Common Stock of the Corporation and a sample thereof shall be inserted
in the minute book of the Corporation.

# [Bank Account Authorization]{.underline}

Resolved that the Corporation shall open a bank account at the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Bank) and all funds be deposited there
until such other banks or banks be established and this shall serve as
the bank of the corporation until further notice and approval by the
Board of Directors.

It is further resolved that the appropriate officers of the Corporation
shall be, and the same hereby are, authorized to open a bank account or
accounts at said bank in the name of, and on behalf of, the Corporation,
for the deposit of funds belonging to the Corporation; and

It is further resolved that the Board of Directors hereby adopts the
form resolutions of the said bank (as completed), a copy of which shall
be inserted in the minute book of the Corporation.

# [Cash Subscriptions for Common Stock]{.underline}

Whereas the Corporation has received the following cash offers to
subscribe to the common stock at \$ \_\_\_\_ per share, of the
Corporation at a cash price of \$\_\_\_\_\_ per share of Common Stock,

It is resolved that each of the aforesaid offers of subscription for
Common Stock made to the Corporation, for the above specified amount per
share by the aforesaid subscribers, is fair and reasonable, and should
be, and hereby are, accepted; and

It is further resolved that, upon payment by each such subscriber, the
Corporation shall issue to each such subscriber such subscribed-for
Common Stock of the Corporation, said Common Stock to be fully-paid and
non-assessable; and

It is further resolved that the appropriate officers of the Corporation
shall be, and hereby are, authorized, empowered and directed to take all
other steps necessary or advisable in order fully to effectuate such
issuance of Common Stock of the Corporation.

# [Complete the Organization of the Corporation]{.underline}

Resolved that the appropriate officers of the Corporation shall be, and
the same hereby are, authorized, empowered and directed to take all
necessary and appropriate action, including the expenditure of funds, in
order to fully and expeditiously complete the organization of the
Corporation.

Each Director, by signing this consent, with notice of the time, place
and purpose of this meeting of the Board of Directors, consents and
agrees to the transaction of the business of this meeting by unanimous
written consent of the directors in place of such meeting. This written
consent may be executed in two or more counterparts.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Each Director Signs

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Corporation Setup, Various Board Approvals

Review List

This review list is provided to help you complete the initial
Corporation Setup, approved by the Board of the Corporation. This
document is intended to memorialize the various actions taken the
directors in place of actually holding a formal meeting.

1\. Make sure that the document is signed by all of the directors of the
corporation.

2\. Keep this document with all the important corporate papers for your
corporation, such as in the corporate minute book. Also, keep a copy of
this document with the backup copies of your corporate documents in your
file kept at your office or home.

3\. Remember that keeping good corporate records, or formalities, in a
timely manner will serve you well in most corporate disputes, especially
any regarding governance and the personal liabilities of any Directors
or Officers. In this litigious world, this is no small matter.
