Director Indemnity Agreement

In consideration of the Director acting as a director of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(\"Corporation\"), the Corporation agrees:

1\. To indemnify and save harmless the Director from and against all
costs, charges and expenses, including any amount paid to settle an
action or satisfy a judgment, reasonably incurred by the Director in
respect of any civil, criminal or administrative action or proceeding to
which the Director is made a party by reason of the Director being or
having been a director or officer of the Corporation; and

2\. To undertake to obtain the approval of a court, if required, to
indemnify and save harmless the Director from and against all costs,
charges and expenses, including any amount paid to settle an action or
satisfy a judgment, reasonably incurred by the Director in respect of
any action by or behalf of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its
favor to which the Director is made a party by reason of being or having
been a director or officer of the Corporation, except where the Director
has failed to act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best
interests of the Corporation or, in the case of a criminal or
administrative action or proceeding that is enforced by a monetary
penalty, where the Director did not have reasonable grounds for
believing that his conduct was lawful.

This Indemnity shall inure to the benefit of the Director and his heirs,
executors, administrators and other legal representatives and shall be
binding upon the Corporation and its respective heirs, executors,
successors and assigns.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

CEO & President Director:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Director Indemnity Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Director indemnity is a
right all directors deserve for devoting their time, energy, money, and
good name to your organization. In this litigious world, this indemnity
is a simple and fair way to protect them, their assets, and their peace
of mind, while assisting your enterprise.

Director's liability insurance is available but tends to be expensive in
this day and age. We recommend you use this document pro-actively to
show your director (s), including inside ones, that you care about their
concerns as you wish them to care about those of your company.

Sign multiple copies with an original to be retained by each signing
director, one to be held with the corporate minute book, and another in
the director or directors' file at the company.
