# Incorporator Action: Initial Action

The undersigned, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, being the sole
incorporator of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(\"Corporation\"), in accordance with laws of the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, does hereby take the following
action:

The undersigned hereby elects the following persons to be directors of
the corporation, to serve until the first annual meeting of stockholders
or until their successors are elected and qualified:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

The undersigned hereby waives all right, title and interest in and to
any stock or property of the Corporation and any right in the management
thereof arising out of or connected with performing duties as
incorporator.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Incorporator

Dated: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Incorporator Action: Initial Action

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. The Incorporator Action agreement is used only after a corporation
has been legally formed. This form is not used with any type of entity
except corporations. It is used to transition the company from the
technical "incorporator" to the Board of Directors and management that
will run the company for the foreseeable future. This is a corporate
formality, but an important one to bridge the gap between technical
incorporation and actual management of the Company in question.

2\. Be sure that directors named in this document qualify under the law
of the state where the corporation was formed. If in Delaware, Wyoming,
or Nevada, this is relatively simple. Other states sometimes have
residency requirements for one or more directors.

3\. Corporate laws vary from state to state and change over time. Before
using this document, have a lawyer review it.

4\. The original of this document should be filed in the corporate
minute book or wherever your important corporate documents are kept. If
you have a lawyer, file one copy with the lawyer in the corporate minute
book held by him or her and keep a separate file as back up in your
office or home.
