Proxy

I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_**, **a stockholder of
record of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Corporation\") do
hereby constitute and appoint as my lawful attorney, and agent,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_for a period expiring
on\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to represent me at any and all
stockholder meetings of the corporation and at any adjournment thereof,
to act for and in the name, place and stead of the undersigned on all
matters and things which may be presented for action or consideration at
such meetings, giving and granting unto said attorney full power in all
respects that I could exercise if present in person.

Date:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Shareholder

Witness Signature: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Print Name

Notary\'s Acknowledgment

State of:

County of:

On this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), before me personally
appeared \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Name of Shareholder), known to me as the person described in and who
executed the foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she
executed the same as said person\'s free act and deed.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public

Commission Expires:

Proxy

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. A Proxy must be signed by the Stockholder with their name signed
exactly as written on their share certificate or certificates. If the
stock is jointly owned, the Proxy must be signed by all Stockholders
with their exact names. The signatures should be notarized because, in
important matters, they may be challenged.

2\. While most states do not require the signing of a Proxy to be
witnessed or notarized, taking these steps provides additional assurance
that the Proxy will withstand challenges to its validity.

3\. The original signed proxy should be provided to the corporate
secretary prior to the meeting or, if not possible, by the proxy at the
meeting. The Stockholder should keep a copy for his or her files and
provide the Proxy a copy.

4\. Be sure to instruct the proxy as to how the shares should be voted.

5\. The Proxy is effective until the end of term date specified on the
document.

6\. The Proxy may be terminated prior to its official termination date
by prior written notice sent to the corporation in question.
