Shareholder Meeting, Agenda

Date of Meeting:

Place of Meeting:

[Items on the Agenda]{.underline}:

I. Approval of Minutes of last meeting.

2\. Itemized list of topics.

3\. Update from company.

4\. Shareholder issues, questions, or concerns.

5\. Question and answer period.

6\. Concluding comments.

This shareholder meeting agenda is sent to you in advance of the meeting
so you can be prepared for it and make any additional suggestions you
may have with regard to topics to be discussed. Please promptly fax us
any of these suggestions so we can be prepared to incorporate your
issues, questions, or concerns into the meeting format. Note that we
have made provision for these matters in Agenda item #4.

We look forward to seeing you at the meeting of your company.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

President

Shareholder Meeting, Agenda

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document and
assist you in its preparation. Shareholder meetings can be very fruitful
events for small to medium sized companies. Large company meetings tend
to be plagued with non-business oriented side issues such as protest
groups, gadfly shareholders dying to aggravate for its own sake, and the
like, all of which distract management from the many positive aspects of
Shareholder meetings. Warren Buffett and Sam Walton brought the
shareholder meeting concept to its highest form. They informed,
entertained, and listened. A perfect trifecta! We recommend you consider
doing the same and follow these legendary leaders by including the
shareholder meeting in your plans for positive growth for your company.

In smaller companies, especially privately held ones, the few
shareholders not involved in management tend to be high net worth
individuals who can usually make substantial contributions to the
company, financial or otherwise, if so motivated. A clear agenda for a
shareholder meeting can be part of that process. Talking to them on the
phone or be email contact can be another.

If you are concerned about airing your problems, financial or otherwise,
get over it. The shareholders know where things stand, by and large.
They want to test your mettle a little and see how you stand up. If you
do stand up well, many will continue to back your enterprise and may
indeed do so with more money and support as a result of your efforts to
keep them informed.

Few companies treat their shareholders with respect. If you do, you will
stand out in the crowd, with a very important group of constituents,
your shareholders.
