# Shareholder, New-Assumption Agreement

To: Corporation (\"Corporation\") and Shareholders**:** All Shareholders
Bound by Shareholders Agreement (\"Parties\")

Subject: [Shareholders\' Agreement (\"Shareholders\' Agreement\");
adoption by prospective new transferee]{.underline}

Pursuant to the terms of the Shareholders\' Agreement, no transfer of
any of the shares of the Corporation can be made except under certain
prescribed circumstances and unless the transferee of such shares first
enters into this Assumption Agreement.

In that regard, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(Selling
Shareholder and "Transferor"), a Shareholder** **proposes transferring
\_\_\_ shares to a new Shareholder, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Buying
Shareholder and "Transferee").

The Transferee has agreed to observe and to be bound by the terms of the
Shareholders\' Agreement so that its provisions will govern the rights
and obligations among the Parties and the parties hereto regarding the
organization and affairs of the Corporation and the sale of shares of
the Corporation under certain circumstances and the Transferor has
agreed to guarantee the due performance by the Transferee of all
obligations imposed on the Transferor or Transferee pursuant to the
Shareholders\' Agreement and to remain liable as principal debtor in
respect of all such obligations.

Therefore for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby irrevocably acknowledged, the
undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, hereby agrees as
follows:

I. The Transferee acknowledges that the foregoing recitals are true and
correct and acknowledges having received and reviewed a copy of the
Shareholders\' Agreement.

2\. The Transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Shareholders\'
Agreement in the same manner as if the Transferee had been an original
party thereto and to the same extent as the Transferor.

3\. The Transferee represents and warrants that the Transferee is
purchasing the Shares as principal, for its own account and not as
agent, trustee or representative for any other person, unless otherwise
stipulated in this Agreement.

4\. All notices, requests, demands or other communications
(collectively, \"Notices\") by the terms of the Shareholders\' Agreement
required or permitted to be given by one party to any other shall be
given to the Transferee in accordance with the terms of the
Shareholders\' Agreement, at:

Name of New Shareholder:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Legal Address of New Shareholder:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

*5.* Unless specifically defined herein or unless the context otherwise
requires, terms used herein which are defined in the Shareholders\'
Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Shareholders\' Agreement.

6\. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ applicable
therein and shall be binding upon the undersigned and their heirs,
executors, administrators, successors, permitted assigns and legal
representatives.

7\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

8\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

9\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

10\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

11\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Transferor Transferee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Secretary of Corporation Acknowledgment of Receipt Date

The Board of Directors approve the above Agreement and ratifies it with
their signatures below and authorize the transfer of shares under the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Each Board Member Must Sign Name Name

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

# Shareholder, New-Assumption Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. The above Shareholder
Assumption Agreement permitting transfer of shares in your corporation
incorporates three elements into the one document for simpler tracking
purposes: the Assumption Agreement itself; Board approval and
ratification; and notification by the Corporate Secretary of receipt of
both.

1.  Be sure all parties sign the agreement with multiple originals for
    the old shareholder, the new shareholder, Board records, corporate
    minute book records, and a record for the file of the new
    shareholder held at the company.

2.  You must vigilantly protect your original Shareholder Agreement if
    you desire to keep it in full force and effect. If you make an
    exception, you open the door for future challenges.

3.  Prompt record keeping in this regard will prevent costly attempts to
    reconstruct it at a later date, usually when needed in a hurry, and
    many of the principals have ceased being active participants in the
    company, and may, in fact, be estranged from the firm and unwilling
    to assist you in cleaning up back records. So, for all of the above
    reasons, do this in a timely manner.

4.  A practical suggestion is to gather all documents requiring Board
    signature and make them available at the next physical Board
    meeting. This simplifies the signature process and incorporates the
    documents into the minutes of the meeting, always a good thing for
    record preservation.
