**DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION AGREEMENT**

This Domain Name Registration Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[REGISTRANT NAME\]** (the \"Registrant\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[CLIENT NAME\]** (the \"Client\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

1.  **SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED**

The Registrant hereby agrees to perform domain name search and
registration services for the Client as provided in and subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Client shall be responsible for, within \[NUMBER\] business days from
the date of this Agreement, providing Registrant with a list of
\[NUMBER\] and no more than \[NUMBER\] desired domain names, listed in
order of preference.

Upon receipt of the above referenced list of desired domain names,
Registrant shall search such names for availability in order of
preference stated by the Client. Registrant shall search such desired
names until the first such name is shown to be available. Upon
determining that the first such name is available, Registrant is hereby
given the authority as Client's agent and attorney in fact, to take all
steps necessary to register such domain name.

1.  **PAYMENT**

In consideration of the services to be performed by the Registrant
hereunder, Client agrees to pay upon execution of this Agreement and
prior to the Registrant performing any services hereunder, an amount
equal to \[AMOUNT\] as a service fee for performing the domain name
search and registration on behalf of Client. Additionally, upon
execution hereof, Client shall pay Registrant an amount equal to
\[AMOUNT\] to cover the fee for initial registration of such domain
name.

1.  **RIGHTS**

Registrant acknowledges and agrees that the Registrant shall not own any
right, title or interest in and to any registered domain name pursuant
to this Agreement and that the domain name registered for Client shall
be owned by the Client and not by the Registrant. Client acknowledges
that this agreement can only be made as between the potential rights of
Client and Registrant and that Registrant cannot represent that a third
party will not have or claim right in and to any domain name that is
registered under the terms of this Agreement.

1.  **AVAILABILITY OF THE DOMAIN NAMES**

In the event that none of the domain names on Client's list are
available for registration, Registrant shall inform Client of this fact.
Thereafter, Client shall be responsible for providing another listing of
\[NUMBER\] to \[NUMBER\] desired names. Upon receiving the second list
of desired names, Registrant shall search such names and register the
first available name based upon the Client's ordered preference. If no
name is available following the search of the second list of names,
Registrant shall so inform the Client and the Registrant shall have no
further obligations to the Client with respect to the domain name. Upon
receipt of such notification, Client shall elect whether to continue
with the search process, in which event another service fee shall be
payable to the Registrant, less any amount paid to the registrant for
the price of the domain name. Upon election to continue with the
process, Client shall submit another list of desired names listed in
order of preference along with payment of the second service fee. Upon
receipt of the new preference list and the second services fee, the
registration process described above shall be reinitiated. If Client
does not wish to go forward upon receipt of the notice that the desired
names are not available after providing two desired lists, the service
fee shall be retained by the Registrant for services rendered and the
Client shall be entitled to a refund of any amount paid to Registrant
for the actual cost of paying for the registration to a third party.

Following registration of a desired domain name, Registrant shall inform
the Client and provide the Client with all relevant registration
information, numbers and passwords.

Client represents, warrants, acknowledges and agrees that Registrant
cannot guarantee that any desired name will be available for
registration. Registrant is not responsible for any third party who may
have registered or in the future may register any of the names desired
by the Client or the assertion of any rights in and to such names by any
third party.

1.  **INFRINGEMENT**

The Client represents and warrants to the Registrant that the names
provided on any preference list shall not infringe upon the trademarks
or other proprietary rights of any other party and that the Client is
the bona fide owner of all proprietary rights associated with each such
name. Client acknowledges that Registrant has informed Client that a
comprehensive common law trademark search should be performed prior to
selecting any domain name for registration to determine whether such
name could infringe upon the proprietary or trademark rights of any
third party. The Client hereby represents, warrants and agrees that it
has had a trademark search performed with respect to such name and that
Client assumes any and all responsibility or liability that may arise
from the registration and/or use of any domain name registered. Client
shall indemnify and hold registrant harmless from and against any
assertion of potential proprietary rights by any third party, including
but not limited to attorney fees in addressing any such situation.
Notwithstanding the above, Registrant does not assume any responsibility
for addressing any claimed infringement that may arise from the
registration or use of any domain name that is registered.

1.  **RENEWAL**

Client shall be responsible for renewing any domain name registered
hereunder and Registrant shall have no obligation to provide renewal
services or to inform Client of any necessary renewals.

Client acknowledges and agrees that registrant's services provided
hereunder are provided on an as is basis, without warranty of any kind,
including, but not limited to, any express or implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Client further
agrees that Registrant shall not be liable for any loss of profits, loss
of use, business interruption or any direct, indirect, incidental or
consequential damages of any kind to any party, including but not
limited to the client.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement states the entire agreement and understanding between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes all
other agreements, whether oral or in writing, between the parties
relative to the subject matter hereof. This agreement may only be
amended by a written amendment executed by authorized representatives of
both parties. This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the
state of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] and any legal action instituted hereunder
shall be brought in the courts of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

REGISTRANT CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
