**EQUIPMENT PLACEMENT AGREEMENT**

This Equipment Placement Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[EQUIPMENT OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Equipment Owner\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[CLIENT NAME\]** (the \"Client\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, the Equipment Owner is the owner of certain equipment and
software described in Exhibit "A" attached hereto;

WHEREAS, the Client has requested that the Equipment Owner loan the
Property to the Client;

WHEREAS, the Client agrees to keep and maintain the Property only at the
location described in Exhibit "B" attached hereto ("Equipment
Location");

WHEREAS, the Client agree to comply with all other terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement and to limit use of the Property to the use
described in Exhibit "C" attached hereto.

NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree to the following terms and conditions:

1.  **PLACEMENT OF PROPERTY**

The Equipment Owner agrees to place the Property (described in Exhibit
"A") on temporary loan to the Client at the Equipment Location for the
limited use by the Client within the terms of this Agreement. The
Property shall be maintained only at the Equipment Location described in
Exhibit "B" and shall not be moved from the Equipment Location without
the written consent of the Equipment Owner. The Property shall be
delivered back to the Equipment Owner upon demand and without delay
following such demand at the expense of the Client. If at any time the
Equipment Owner delivers additional property to the Client, such
additional property shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement unless specifically agreed by the parties in writing.

1.  **ACCESS TO EQUIPMENT**

Client shall provide Equipment Owner with access to its premises to
Equipment Owner or its agents at any time during normal business hours
or after normal business hours in the event of a bona fide emergency for
the purpose of inspecting, maintaining or otherwise accessing the
Property.

1.  **LIMITATIONS ON USE**

Client shall use the Property only for the purposes described in Exhibit
"D" and for no other purpose. Access to the Property shall be limited to
the individuals listed in Exhibit "E."

1.  **NO LIENS OR ENCUMBRANCES**

Client shall not create nor permit any lien, security interest, or other
encumbrance of any nature or kind, whether voluntary or involuntary, to
attach to the Property. In the event that any such encumbrance attaches
to the Property, Client shall immediately and without delay cause such
encumbrance to be discharged.

1.  **PRECAUTIONARY SECURITY INTEREST FILING**

At the discretion of the Equipment Owner, the Client shall execute any
and all documents necessary for the Equipment Owner to file a
precautionary \[LAW/CODE\] registration statement with all applicable
governmental offices, giving public notice of the Equipment Owner's
exclusive title and ownership of the Property to the public. Client
shall pay any and all costs and expenses associated with the preparation
and filing of such documents.

1.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

The operation of this Agreement shall continue for so long as any
Property of the Equipment Owner has not been returned to the Equipment
Owner.

1.  **NO INTERFERENCE WITH TITLE**

Client agrees that it shall take no action whatsoever that is
inconsistent with the ownership of the Equipment Owner in and to the
Property. Client shall take any and all steps that are required to
defend the title of the Equipment Owner in and to the Property and shall
execute any and all documents requested by the Equipment Owner
confirming the Equipment Owner's title in and to the Property.

1.  **CARE AND MAINTENANCE**

Client shall be responsible for the care and maintenance of the Property
during the term hereof and shall take all steps necessary to assure that
the Property remains in good working order, in the same condition as
when delivered to the Location. Client shall be responsible for the safe
working of the Property, the proper operation of the Property, and the
safe installation of the Property in accordance with all specifications
and safety requirements. Client shall take all necessary actions to
assure that the Property is not misused, damages, or subject to risk of
harm.

Upon delivery to the Location, Client shall be responsible for any and
all risk of loss, damage, destruction, theft or any other diminution in
value or any damage or injury caused directly or indirectly by or as a
result of the Property or the operation thereof and shall hold the
Equipment harmless from and against the same. Client shall pay to
Equipment Owner for any damage, loss or destruction, regardless of the
cause therefore. In the event of the destruction of the Property, Client
shall pay to the Equipment Owner the entire replacement cost of the
Property. Client shall assure that the Property is fully covered by
insurance to its full replacement value.

1.  **ALTERATIONS, ADDITIONS**

Client shall not alter the Property in any manner without Owner\'s prior
written approval.

1.  **WARRANTY DISCLAIMER**

The Property is being provided for the use of Client as an accommodation
to the Client. Equipment Owner makes to representations or warranties as
to the condition or operation of the Property. THE PROPERTY IS PROVIDED
AND CLIENT ACCEPTS THE EQUIPMENT ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND WITH ALL FAULTS
AND DEFECTS. EQUIPMENT OWNER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.

Client agrees that it shall indemnify and hold the Equipment Owner
harmless from and against all damages, claims, liabilities, actions,
suits, threats, demands and settlements arising directly or indirectly
from the use and operation of the Property, made by Client or any other
party, including but not limited to incidental and consequential
damages, lost profits, business interruptions damages, injury related
damages, special and punitive damages, even if Equipment Owner is
advised that such damages are possible or reasonably anticipated.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

For purposes hereof, \"Confidential Information\" means customer
information, operating programs, and data or technology incorporated in
the Loaned Property, but does not include, however, any information (1)
Customer develops or acquires independent of any contact with Owner and
the Loaned Property; (2) already in Customer\'s possession prior to
contact with Owner or the Loaned Property; or (3) generally available to
the public on an unrestricted basis in the form provided by Owner. All
such Confidential Information shall be held in strictest confidence and
may not be accessed, used, or disclosed except as strictly necessary to
execute the Authorized Use.

Customer agrees to report promptly to Owner any unauthorized access,
use, or disclosure of Owner\'s Confidential Information, as well as any
action (or attempt to take action) of any person to delete, disable,
deactivate, intercept, interfere with, or otherwise access, modify, or
disrupt the Loaned Property or the safe and secure operation thereof.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notification or written communication required by or contemplated
under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall deemed
to be delivered if transmitted via Email at the Email addresses listed
below, except for any notice of termination of this Agreement which
shall be in writing and sent by Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested
and shall be deemed to have been delivered \[NUMBER\] business days
after the date of mailing. Addresses and Email addresses for such
notices shall be:

If To Equipment Owner: \[ADDRESS\]

If To Client: \[ADDRESS\]

Neither this Agreement nor any right, interest, duty or obligation
hereunder may be assigned, transferred or delegated by Client without
the express written consent of Equipment Owner which consent may be
withheld in the discretion of the Equipment Owner.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Any and all legal actions relative hereto shall be
in the courts of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes and
replaces all prior discussions, agreements, proposals, understandings,
whether orally or in writing, between the parties related to the subject
matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be changed, modified or
amended only in a written agreement that is duly executed by authorized
representatives of the parties. If any provisions hereof is deemed to be
illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
enforceability of effectiveness of the remainder of the Agreement shall
not be effected and this Agreement shall be enforceable without
reference to the unenforceable provision. No party's waiver of any
breach or accommodation to the other party shall be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly entered and executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written and represent
and warrant that the party executing this Agreement on their behalf is
duly authorized.

EQUIPMENT OWNER CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
