**ASSIGNMENT FOR DEED**

This Assigment for Deed (the "Assignment") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the \"Lessor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[PURCHASER NAME\]** (the \"Lessee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**TERMS**

1\. If the Purchaser shall first make the payments and perform the
covenants hereinafter mentioned on the Purchaser\'s part to be made and
performed, the Seller hereby covenants and agrees to convey and assure
to the Purchaser, in fee simple, clear of all incumbrances whatever, by
a good and sufficient Warranty Deed, with release and waiver of the
right of homestead and dower, the following described real estate in the
state of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], to wit:

2\. The Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees to pay to the Seller the
sum of in the manner following:

With interest at the rate of \[%\] per annum payable \[monthly,
annually\] on the whole sum remaining from the time to time unpaid, and
to pay all taxes, assessments, or impositions that may be legally levied
or imposed upon said real estate, subsequent to \[.

3\. In case of the failure of the Purchaser to make any of the payments,
or any part thereof, or perform any of the covenants on the Purchaser\'s
part hereby made and entered into, this agreement shall, at the option
of the Seller, be forfeited and all sums theretofore received shall be
retained by the Seller in full satisfaction and in liquidation of all
damages by the Seller sustained, and the Seller shall have the right to
reenter and take possession of the premises aforesaid.

4\. Purchaser shall maintain insurance on said real estate in an amount
and of a type approved by

the Seller.

5\. Seller warrants to Purchaser that no notice from any city, village,
or other governmental authority of any dwelling code violation has
heretofore been issued and received by the owner or his/her agent

with respect to any dwelling structure on the said real estate.

6\. The time of payment shall be the essence of this contract, and the
covenants and agreements herein contained shall extend to and be
obligatory upon heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns of the
respective parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written.

SELLER PURCHASER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
