**MORTGAGE DEED**

This Mortgage Deed (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[BORROWER NAME\]** (the \"Borrower\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LENDER NAME\]** (the \"Lender\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

This Mortgage is given by Borrower to Lender, which term includes any
holder of this Mortgage,

to secure the payment of the PRINCIPAL SUM of \[AMOUNT\] together with
interest thereon computed on the outstanding balance, \[AMOUNT\] all as
provided in a Note having the same date as this Mortgage, and also to
secure the performance of all the terms, covenants, agreements,
conditions and extensions of the Note and this Mortgage.

In consideration of the loan made by Lender to Borrower and for the
purpose expressed above, the Borrower does hereby grant and convey to
Lender, with MORTGAGE COVENANTS, the land with the buildings situated
thereon and all the improvements and fixtures now and hereafter a part
thereof, being more particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto
and made a part hereof and having a street address of \[ADDRESS\].

\[Attach Property Description\]

**TERMS**

1.  In the event that any condition of this Mortgage or any senior
    mortgage shall be in default for \[NUMBER\] days, the entire debt
    shall become immediately due and payable at the option of the
    Lender. Lender shall be entitled to collect all costs and expenses,
    including reasonable attorney\'s fees incurred.

2.  In the event that the Borrower transfers ownership (either legal or
    equitable) or any security interest in the mortgaged property,
    whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the Lender may at its option
    declare the entire debt due and payable.

3.  This Mortgage is also security for all other direct and contingent
    liabilities of the Borrower to Lender which are due or become due
    and whether now existing or hereafter contracted.

4.  Borrower shall maintain adequate insurance on the property in
    amounts and form of coverage acceptable to Lender and the Lender
    shall be a named insured as its interest may appear.

5.  Borrower shall not commit waste or permit others to commit actual,
    permissive or constructive waste on the property.

6.  Borrower further covenants and warrants to Lender that Borrower is
    indefeasibly seized of said land in fee simple; that Borrower has
    lawful authority to mortgage said land and that said land is free
    and clear of all encumbrances except as may be expressly contained
    herein.

This Mortgage is upon the STATUTORY CONDITION and the other conditions
set forth herein, for breach of which Lender shall have the STATUTORY
POWER OF SALE to the extent existing under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written.

BORROWER LENDER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

State of \[STATE\]

County of \[COUNTY\]

On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME OF NOTARY\], notary, personally appeared
\[NAME OF PERSON(S) INVOLVED\], personally known to me (or proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s)
is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

Witness my hand and official seal.

Signature[ ]{.underline} Notary

(*Seal*)
