**WARRANTY DEED**

This Warranty Deed (the "Agreement") is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[GRANTOR NAME\]** (the \"Grantor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[GRANTEE NAME\]** (the \"Grantee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

For good consideration, Grantor hereby bargain, deed and convey to
Grantee the land legally described as \[DESCRIBE\], free and clear with
Warranty.

**COVENANTS**

Grantor, for itself and its heirs, hereby covenants with Grantee, its
heirs, and assigns, that Grantor is lawfully seized in fee simple of the
above-described premises; that it has a good right to convey; that the
premises are free from all encumbrances; that Grantor and its heirs, and
all persons acquiring any interest in the property granted, through or
for Grantor, will, on demand of Grantee, or its heirs or assigns, and at
the expense of Grantee, its heirs or assigns, execute and instrument
necessary for the further assurance of the title to the premises that
may be reasonably required; and that Grantor and its heirs will forever
warrant and defend all of the property so granted to Grantee, its heirs,
against every person lawfully claiming the same or any part thereof.

Being the same property conveyed to the Grantor by deed of \[DATE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

GRANTOR GRANTEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

State of \[STATE\]

County of \[COUNTY\]

On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME OF NOTARY\], notary, personally appeared
\[NAME OF PERSON(S) INVOLVED\], personally known to me (or proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s)
is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

Witness my hand and official seal.

Signature[ ]{.underline} Notary

(*Seal*)
