**ARBITRATION AGREEMENT**

This Arbitration Agreement (the "Agreement") is effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[NAME\] **(the \"Attorney\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[NAME\] **(the \"Attorney\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **MATTERS TO BE SUBMITTED TO ARBITRATION**

All disputes and controversies of every kind and nature between the
parties to this agreement arising out of or in connection with \[SPECIFY
GENERAL AGREEMENT TO WHICH ARBITRATION AGREEMENT RELATES\] as to the
existence, construction, validity, interpretation or meaning,
performance, nonperformance, enforcement, operation, breach,
continuance, or termination of the agreement shall be submitted to
arbitration pursuant to the procedure set forth in this agreement.

1.  **PROCEDURE**

Either party may demand such arbitration in writing within \[NUMBER\]
days after the controversy arises, which demand shall include the name
of the arbitrator appointed by the party demanding arbitration, together
with a statement of the matter in controversy.

1.  **AGREEMENT AS BAR TO SUIT**

The provisions of this agreement shall be a complete defense to any
suit, action, or proceeding instituted in any federal, state, or local
court or before any administrative tribunal with respect to any
controversy or dispute arising during the period of this agreement and
which is arbitrable as set forth in this agreement.

The arbitration provisions of this agreement shall, with respect to such
controversy or dispute, survive the termination or expiration of
\[SPECIFY AGREEMENT TO WHICH ARBITRATION AGREEMENT RELATES\].

1.  **LACK OF ARBITRATORS' AUTHORITY TO MODIFY AGREEMENT**

Nothing contained in this agreement shall be deemed to give the
arbitrators any authority, power, or right to alter, change, amend,
modify, add to, or subtract from any of the provisions of \[SPECIFY
AGREEMENT TO WHICH ARBITRATION AGREEMENT RELATES\].

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

It is agreed that this agreement shall be governed by, construed, and
enforced in accordance with the laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
any prior understanding or representation of any kind preceding the date
of this agreement shall not be binding upon either party except to the
extent incorporated in this agreement.

1.  **MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT**

Any modification of this agreement or additional obligation assumed by
either party in connection with this agreement shall be binding only if
evidenced in writing signed by each party or an authorized
representative of each party.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice provided for or concerning this agreement shall be in writing
and be deemed sufficiently given when sent by certified or registered
mail if sent to the respective address of each party as set forth at the
beginning of this agreement.

1.  **PARAGRAPH HEADINGS**

The titles to the paragraphs of this agreement are solely for the
convenience of the parties and shall not be used to explain, modify,
simplify, or aid in the interpretation of the provisions of this
agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

Signed, sealed and delivered to both parties in the presence of:

SERVICE PROVIDER CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
