# CHECKLIST

# [SMALL BUSINES LEGAL COMPLIANCE INVENTORY]{.underline}

[The following checklist will help you determine if your company is
sufficiently legally protected in different areas of business concerns.
You should verify with your lawyer if any doubts occur.]{.underline}

**[CONTRACTS]{.underline}**

[ yes no Are all of the company's important agreements in
writing?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are there good form contracts in place?]{.underline}

[ yes no Do the contracts provide for disputes to be resolved in courts
in the city where the company's principal office is
located?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is there an attorney's fees clause in each
contract?]{.underline}

[ yes no Does the contract say that amendments to the contract may only
be made in writing?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are there provisions in the company's standard form contracts
regarding limiting the company's liability?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the company complying with the terms of its contracts and
leases?]{.underline}

**[CORPORATE MINUTE BOOK]{.underline}**

[ yes no Do the Articles of Incorporation provide for sufficient
authorized number of shares?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is a copy of the Articles in the Minute Book?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is a copy of the Bylaws in the Minute Book?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are there minutes for all meetings of
shareholders?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are there minutes for all meetings of directors?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are there minutes of annual shareholder meetings?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are all written consents of shareholders and directors
included?]{.underline}

**[STOCK MATTERS]{.underline}**

[ yes no Has the company received the consideration for each sale of
stock?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the Stock Ledger current?]{.underline}

[ yes no Were all sales of stock made in compliance with applicable
securities laws?]{.underline}

[ yes no Did the Board of Directors properly authorize the sale of all
stock?]{.underline}

[ yes no If necessary, did the shareholders properly authorize the sale
of stock?]{.underline}

[ yes no Did the company receive the consideration for the issued
stock?]{.underline}

[ yes no Were stock certificates issued?]{.underline}

[ yes no Did the stock certificates have appropriate
legends?]{.underline}

**[GOVERNMENT FILINGS]{.underline}**

[ yes no Has the company obtained its Federal Employer ID
number?]{.underline}

[ yes no Has the company obtained its State Employer ID
number?]{.underline}

[ yes no Have any required local and state licenses and permits been
obtained?]{.underline}

[ yes no Has the company qualified to do business in all states it is
required to?]{.underline}

[ yes no Have all annual information statements been filed with the
Secretary of State? ]{.underline}

**[INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION]{.underline}**

[ yes no Have trademark registrations been obtained for company products
and services?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the "TM" or "SM" or "Â®" notice displayed properly on all
company literature?]{.underline}

[ yes no Have patents been applied for company-owned inventions and
discoveries?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is a trade secret protection program appropriate?]{.underline}

[ yes no Have employees signed appropriate Confidentiality and Invention
Assignment Agreement?]{.underline}

[ yes no Have consultants and independent contractors signed appropriate
Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreements?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the company infringing the intellectual property rights of
others?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is there a program in place to determine if others are
violating the company's intellectual property rights?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are all needed licenses obtained?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the company complying with all license agreements to which
it is a licensee?]{.underline}

**[EMPLOYMENT]{.underline}**

[ yes no Does the Company have an "at will" employment policy in
place?]{.underline}

[ yes no Do interviewers of prospective employees know what they can and
can't ask?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is there a Non-Discrimination Policy in place?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is each prospective employee required to fill out a good form
of Employment Application?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are employees treated fairly and evenly?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is there a Sexual Harassment Policy in place?]{.underline}

[ yes no Are job offer letters to new employees carefully
drafted?]{.underline}

[ yes no Does the company have all needed forms from
employees?]{.underline}

**[RECORD KEEPING]{.underline}**

[ yes no Is the company keeping good records of its income and
expenses?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the company keeping track of all of its
contracts?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the company keeping track of all employee
records?]{.underline}

[ yes no Is the company keeping track of all tax filings
required?]{.underline}

**[LAWS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Has the company determined the applicability of the following laws to
its business?]{.underline}

yes no Environmental laws

yes no Worker Safety laws

yes no Securities laws

yes no Consumer protection laws

yes no Advertising laws

yes no Employment laws

yes no Product liability laws

yes no Corporate laws

yes no Tax laws

yes no Commercial and Real Property laws
