# CHECKLIST

# [FOR COMPLETE CONTRACTS TERMS]{.underline}

[Not all items are relevant in all contractual situations. In some
situations, other provisions may be appropriate that are not listed
below. The following checklist is, however, a basic and general guide as
to what provisions it may be important to include, or at least consider,
in the business contracts that you enter into. This document is not
intended to substitute for legal advice nor legal wording provided by a
competent advisor in the relevant legal jurisdiction.]{.underline}

-   **[Title of contract]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Identity of the parties]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Individuals or business entities]{.underline}

-   [If businesses, what type? (partnership, corporation, LLC,
    etc.)]{.underline}

-   [Name of person signing on behalf of the business]{.underline}

-   [Signer's official title]{.underline}

-   [Does he or she have authority to bind the business? ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Addresses of the parties]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Recitals]{.underline}**

-   [Purpose(s) of the contract ]{.underline}

-   [Background of agreement]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Underlying assumptions]{.underline}**

[Key assumptions for the contract]{.underline}

-   **[Restrictions]{.underline}**

[Identifies any limitations in use of the supplied services and/or
products (e.g., software can only be installed and used by the buyer on
one machine at any given time, with permission to make one back-up
copy).]{.underline}

-   **[Price]{.underline}**

-   [What is the price for the product or service?]{.underline}

-   [Is it a fixed price, determined by a formula, by a project fee, or
    some other manner?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Contract terms]{.underline}**

-   [Duties of each party]{.underline}

-   [Rights of each party]{.underline}

-   [Relevant dates]{.underline}

-   [Relevant quantities]{.underline}

-   [Is the contract a one-shot situation or will it last for some
    designated time period?]{.underline}

-   [How can the term be renewed or extended?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Lump sum, COD, installments?]{.underline}

-   [Payment due dates]{.underline}

-   [Taxes]{.underline}

-   [Interest]{.underline}

-   [Late fees]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Ownership of Intellectual Property]{.underline}**

[Outlines the ownership of copyright, patents, source code, executable
code, documentation, content and all other deliverables supplied under
the contract.]{.underline}

-   **[Representations and ]{.underline}[Warranties]{.underline}**

-   [What representations and warranties are to be made by the
    parties?]{.underline}

-   [Are certain warranties disclaimed (e.g., merchantability or fitness
    for a particular purpose)?]{.underline}

-   [How long are any warranties good for?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Disclaimers]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Limitations on liability]{.underline}**

-   [What limitations of liability exist (e.g., no liability in excess
    of payment received, or no liability for consequential damage or
    lost profits)?]{.underline}

-   [Under what circumstances is one party liable (e.g., material breach
    of agreement or grossly negligent in performing services)?
    ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Termination of Contract]{.underline}**

-   [When can one party terminate the contract early?]{.underline}

-   [What are the consequences of termination?]{.underline}

-   [What post-termination obligations are there? ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Liquidated damages]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Confidentiality provision]{.underline}**

-   [What confidentiality obligations are there?]{.underline}

-   [What are the exclusions from confidentiality?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Indemnification agreement]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Is there indemnification for certain breaches or
    problems?]{.underline}

-   [What is the procedure required to obtain
    indemnification?]{.underline}

-   [Is there a cap on or exclusions from indemnification?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Default]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [What are the events of default?]{.underline}

-   [Does a party have a period to cure a default?]{.underline}

-   [What are the consequences of a default?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Arbitration clause]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [How are disputes to be handled -- litigation, mediation or
    arbitration?]{.underline}

-   [If arbitration, what rules will govern? ]{.underline}

-   [If arbitration, how many arbitrators and how will they be
    picked?]{.underline}

-   [If arbitration, will there be procedures for discovery and what the
    arbitrator can and can't do?]{.underline}

-   [If litigation, where can or must the litigation be
    brought?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Waiver]{.underline}**

[An assertion that any delay or partial pursuit by one party of its
rights against the other party does not constitute a forfeiture of the
right to later seek further or complete remedy or redress to a
situation, should the need arise.]{.underline}

-   **[Assignment]{.underline}**

[Identifies if either party to the contract can transfer the contract,
in whole, or in part, to another party, and under what conditions (if
any).]{.underline}

-   **[Severability]{.underline}**

[Explains that if any of the provisions of the contract are rendered
null and void, all other provisions remain in force.]{.underline}

-   **[Notice]{.underline}**

[Describes how and where the parties shall formally communicate to each
other in the event they need to take such action (e.g., all notices
shall be deemed to have been received by the other party within five
working days if sent by regular mail to the addresses
below).]{.underline}

-   **[Entire Agreement]{.underline}**

[Explains that the written contract is the only description of the
agreement between the vendor and buyer, regardless of what may have been
previously stated or written down. Explains the process for updating the
contract (often based upon mutual agreement, in writing).]{.underline}

-   **[Governing law]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Signatures of authorized signatories]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [What authority is required for one party to sign the contract
    (e.g., Board of Directors approval)?]{.underline}

-   [How many signatures are required?]{.underline}

-   [Are the signature blocks correct? ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Notarization]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Miscellaneous]{.underline}**

# [EXAMPLE ]{.underline}

# [COMPLETE PROVISIONS FOR CONTRACTS]{.underline}

[Following are example of provisions that you might want to copy and
paste to your contracts. Remember that these provisions are not intended
to substitute for legal advice nor legal wording provided by a competent
advisor in the relevant legal jurisdiction.]{.underline}

-   **[Choice of Law]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [This Agreement, and any dispute arising from the relationship
    between the parties to this Agreement, shall be governed by \[E.G.,
    CALIFORNIA\] law, excluding any laws that direct the application of
    another jurisdiction's laws.]{.underline}

-   **[Attorney Fees Provision]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [In any litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding by which one
    party either seeks to enforce its rights under this Agreement
    (whether in contract, tort, or both) or seeks a declaration of any
    rights or obligations under this Agreement, the prevailing party
    shall be awarded its reasonable attorney fees, and costs and
    expenses incurred.]{.underline}

-   **[Notice]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
    given in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person, (b) by
    certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) by
    facsimile, or (d) by a commercial overnight courier that guarantees
    next day delivery and provides a receipt, and such notices shall be
    addressed as follows:]{.underline}

[\[FULL ADDRESS\]]{.underline}

[or to such other address as either party may from time to time specify
in writing to the other party. Any notice shall be effective only upon
delivery, which for any notice given by facsimile shall mean notice
which has been received by the party to whom it is sent as evidenced by
confirmation slip.]{.underline}

-   [If any term or provision of this Agreement is determined to be
    illegal, unenforceable, or invalid in whole or in part for any
    reason, such illegal, unenforceable, or invalid provisions or part
    thereof shall be stricken from this Agreement, and such provision
    shall not affect the legality, enforceability, or validity of the
    remainder of this Agreement. If any provision or part thereof of
    this Agreement is stricken in accordance with the provisions of this
    section, then this stricken provision shall be replaced, to the
    extent possible, with a legal, enforceable, and valid provision that
    is as similar in tenor to the stricken provision as is legally
    possible.]{.underline}

-   **[Separate Writings and Exhibits]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [The following \[E.G., AGREEMENTS, EXHIBITS, SCHEDULES, OR OTHER
    SEPARATE WRITINGS\] constitute a part of this Agreement and are
    incorporated into this Agreement by this reference: \[LIST SEPARATE
    WRITINGS BY NAME AND DATE\]. Should any inconsistency exist or arise
    between a provision of this Agreement and a provision of any
    exhibit, schedule, or other incorporated writing, the provision of
    this Agreement shall prevail.]{.underline}

-   **[Time of the Essence]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [Time is of the essence in respect to all provisions of this
    Agreement that specify a time for performance; provided, however,
    that the foregoing shall not be construed to limit or deprive a
    party of the benefits of any grace or use period allowed in this
    Agreement.]{.underline}

-   **[Survival]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
representations, warranties, and covenants contained in this Agreement,
or in any instrument, certificate, exhibit, or other writing intended by
the parties to be a part of this Agreement, shall survive for \[NUMBER\]
years after the date of this Agreement.]{.underline}

-   **[Ambiguities]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [Each party and its counsel have participated fully in the review
    and revision of this Agreement. Any rule of construction to the
    effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting
    party shall not apply in interpreting this Agreement. The language
    in this Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and
    not strictly for or against any party.]{.underline}

-   **[Waiver]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [No waiver of a breach, failure of any condition, or any right or
    remedy contained in or granted by the provisions of this Agreement
    shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party
    waiving the breach, failure, right, or remedy. No waiver of any
    breach, failure, right, or remedy, whether or not similar, nor shall
    any waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless the writing so
    specifies.]{.underline}

-   **[Headings]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only
    and shall neither affect the construction or interpretation of any
    provision in this Agreement nor affect any of the rights or
    obligations of the parties to this Agreement.]{.underline}

-   **[Necessary Acts, Further Assurances]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [The parties shall at their own cost and expense execute and deliver
    such further documents and instruments and shall take such other
    actions as may be reasonably required or appropriate to evidence or
    carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.]{.underline}

-   **[Consent to Jurisdiction and Forum Selection]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

-   [The parties hereto agree that all actions or proceedings arising in
    connection with this Agreement shall be tried and litigated
    exclusively in the State and Federal courts located in
    \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. The aforementioned choice of venue is intended
    by the parties to be mandatory and not permissive in nature, thereby
    precluding the possibility of litigation between the parties with
    respect to or arising out of this Agreement in any jurisdiction
    other than that specified in this paragraph. Each party hereby
    waives any right it may have to assert the doctrine of forum non
    convenient or similar doctrine or to object to venue with respect to
    any proceeding brought in accordance with this paragraph, and
    stipulates that the State and Federal courts located in
    \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall have jurisdiction and venue over each of
    them for the purpose of litigating any dispute, controversy, or
    proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. Each party
    hereby authorizes and accepts service of process sufficient for
    personal jurisdiction in any action against it as contemplated by
    this paragraph by registered or certified mail, return receipt
    requested, postage prepaid, to its address for the giving of notices
    as set forth in this Agreement. Any final judgment rendered against
    a party in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive as to the
    subject of such final judgment and may be enforced in other
    jurisdictions in any manner provided by law.]{.underline}

-   **[Execution ]{.underline}**

-   [This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by
    fax.]{.underline}

-   **[Jury Trial Waivers]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [To the fullest extent permitted by law, and as separately
    bargained-for-consideration, each party hereby waives any right to
    trial by jury in any action, suit, proceeding, or counterclaim of
    any kind arising out of or relating to this Agreement.]{.underline}

-   \
    **[Specific P]{.underline}[erformance]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [The parties acknowledge that it will be impossible to measure in
    money the damage to them caused by any failure to comply with the
    covenants set forth in Section X, that each such covenant is
    material, and that in the event of any such failure, the injured
    party will not have an adequate remedy at law or in damages.
    Therefore, the parties consent to the issuance of an injunction or
    the enforcement of other equitable remedies against them at the suit
    of the other, without bond or other security, to compel performance
    of all of the terms of Section X, and waive the defense of the
    availability of relief in damages.]{.underline}

-   **[Representation on Authority of Parties/Signatories]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

-   [Each person signing this Agreement represents and warrants that he
    or she is duly authorized and has legal capacity to execute and
    deliver this Agreement. Each party represents and warrants to the
    other that the execution and delivery of the Agreement and the
    performance of such party's obligations hereunder have been duly
    authorized and that the Agreement is a valid and legal agreement
    binding on such party and enforceable in accordance with its
    terms.]{.underline}

-   **[Force Majeure]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [No party shall be liable for any failure to perform its obligations
    in connection with any action described in this Agreement, if such
    failure results from any act of God, riot, war, civil unrest, flood,
    earthquake, or other cause beyond such party's reasonable control
    (including any mechanical, electronic, or communications failure,
    but excluding failure caused by a party's financial condition or
    negligence).]{.underline}

-   **[Assignment]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [Neither party shall voluntarily or by operation of law assign,
    hypothecate, give, transfer, mortgage, sublet, license, or otherwise
    transfer or encumber all or part of its rights, duties, or other
    interests in this Agreement or the proceeds thereof (collectively,
    "Assignment'), without the other party's prior written consent. Any
    attempt to make an Assignment in violation of this provision shall
    be a material default under this Agreement and any Assignment in
    violation of this provision shall be null and void.]{.underline}

-   **[Arbitration]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

-   [Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to
    this Agreement, shall be settled by binding arbitration in \[CITY\],
    \[State\]. Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with
    the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of JAMS/Endispute
    ("JAMS"), with the following exceptions if in conflict: (a) one
    arbitrator shall be chosen by JAMS; (b) each party to the
    arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of
    the arbitrator, together with other expenses of the arbitration
    incurred or approved by the arbitrator; and (c) arbitration may
    proceed in the absence of any party if written notice (pursuant to
    the JAMS' rules and regulations) of the proceedings has been given
    to such party. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and
    awards rendered in such proceedings. Such decisions and awards
    rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be
    entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of
    judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection. All
    such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this
    manner in lieu of any action at law or equity; provided however,
    that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the
    bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief.
    The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages or
    speculative damages to either party and shall not have the power to
    amend this Agreement. The arbitrator shall be required to follow
    applicable law. IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES
    NOT APPLICABLE, THEN EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
    APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
    AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR
    COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
    OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES HERETO.]{.underline}
