**CONTRACT FOR THE STORAGE OF GOODS**

This Contract for the Storage of Goods (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[DEPOSITOR NAME\]** (the \"Depositor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[WAREHOUSEMAN NAME\]** (the \"Warehouseman\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

In consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this agreement,
the parties agree as follows:

1.  **RATES FOR STORAGE AND HANDLING**

Depositor engages Warehouseman to perform, and Warehouseman agrees to
perform, storage and handling of the following merchandise, referred to
in this agreement as "Goods", at the following rates, as required by
Depositor in the course of its business during the term of this
agreement:

  ----------- ----------------------- ---------- ------------------ ---------------------------- ----------------------------
  **Goods**   **Type of Container**   **Size**   **Gross Weight**   **Storage Rate Per Month**   **Handling In & Out Rate**
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
  ----------- ----------------------- ---------- ------------------ ---------------------------- ----------------------------

1.  **TERM OF AGREEMENT**

This agreement shall be operative for a period of \[NUMBER\] months,
commencing \[DATE\], and ending \[DATE\].

1.  **STORAGE OF GOODS**

    a.  All charges for storage are per \[PACKAGE OR OTHER AGREED
        UNIT\]* *per month.

    b.  Storage charges become applicable on the date that Warehouseman
        accepts care, custody, and control of Goods, regardless of the
        unloading date or the date of issue of any warehouse receipt.

    c.  Except as provided in paragraph 4 of this section, a full
        month's storage charge shall apply on all Goods received between
        the first and the fifteenth, inclusive, of a calendar month;
        one-half month's storage charge shall apply on all Goods
        received between the sixteenth and last day, inclusive, of a
        calendar month; and a full month's storage charge shall apply to
        all Goods in storage on the first day of the next and succeeding
        calendar months. All such storage charges are due and payable on
        the first day of storage for the initial month and thereafter on
        the first day of the calendar month.

    d.  When mutually agreed on by Warehouseman and Depositor, a storage
        month shall extend from a date in one calendar month to, but not
        including, the same date of the next and all succeeding months.
        All storage charges are due and payable on the first day of the
        storage month.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **HANDLING OF GOODS**

    a.  The handling rates set forth in Section One cover the ordinary
        labor involved in receiving Goods at the warehouse door, placing
        Goods in storage, and returning Goods to the warehouse door.
        Handling charges are due and payable on receipt of Goods.

    b.  Unless otherwise agreed, the following services shall be subject
        to an additional charge:

-   Labor for unloading and loading Goods.

i.  Receipt and handling of damaged Goods.

ii. Unloading from or loading into cars or other vehicles not at the
    warehouse door.

iii. Labor and materials used in loading rail cars or other vehicles.

iv. Handling of Goods ordered out in quantities less than in which
    received.

    a.  Warehouseman shall not be liable for demurrage, delays in
        unloading inbound cars, or delays in obtaining and loading cars
        for outbound shipment unless Warehouseman has failed to exercise
        reasonable care.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SPECIAL SERVICES**

Special services, including but not limited to the following, shall be
provided by Warehouseman to Depositor subject to additional charge:

a.  Warehouse labor required for services other than ordinary handling
    and storage.

b.  Receipt or delivery of Goods, by prior arrangement, in other than
    usual business hours.

c.  Provision of dunnage, bracing, packing materials, or other special
    supplies.

d.  Communication services, including postage, teletype, telegram, or
    telephone, if the services concern more than normal inventory
    reporting or if, at the request of Depositor, communications are
    made by other than regular mail.

e.  Compiling of special stock statements.

f.  Reporting marked weights, serial numbers, or other data from
    packages.

g.  Physical check of Goods.

h.  Handling transit billing.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **BONDED STORAGE**

Storage of merchandise in bond shall be subject to a charge in addition
to regular rates.

1.  **MINIMUM CHARGES**

Minimum charges shall be assessed as follows:

a.  A minimum storage charge per month of \[AMOUNT\].

b.  A minimum handling charge per lot of \[AMOUNT\].

c.  A minimum monthly charge for each account in the event that
    Depositor has several accounts, each requiring separate records and
    billing.

d.  A minimum charge per mark, brand, or variety, when a warehouse
    receipt covers more than one lot or when a lot is in assortment.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TENDER FOR STORAGE**

All Goods for storage shall be delivered at Warehouseman's warehouse at
\[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE\], properly marked and packaged for
handling. Depositor shall furnish at or prior to such delivery a
manifest showing marks, brands, or sizes to be kept and accounted for
separately, and the class of storage and other services desired.

1.  **SHIPPING OF GOODS**

Depositor covenants and agrees not to ship Goods to Warehouseman as the
named consignee. In the event that, in violation of this agreement,
Goods are shipped to Warehouseman as named consignee, Depositor shall
notify the carrier of Goods in writing prior to the shipment, with a
copy of the notice sent to Warehouseman, that Warehouseman is a
Warehouseman and has no beneficial title or interest in Goods. Further,
Depositor shall indemnify Warehouseman against any and all claims for
unpaid transportation charges, including under charges, demurrage,
detention charges, or charges of any other nature, in connection with
Goods so shipped. In the event that Depositor fails to notify the
carrier in accordance with this provision, Warehouseman shall have the
right to refuse Goods and shall not be liable or responsible for any
loss, injury, or damage to Goods.

1.  **REFUSAL OF GOODS**

Warehouseman may refuse to accept Goods tendered for storage or other
services that do not conform to the description contained in this
agreement. If Warehouseman accepts such Goods, Depositor agrees to rates
and charges as may be assessed and invoiced by Warehouseman as well as
to all terms of this agreement.

1.  **MOVING OF GOODS**

Warehouseman reserves the right to move, at Warehouseman's expense,
\[NUMBER\] days after notice sent by registered mail to Depositor or to
the last known holder of a negotiable warehouse receipt covering such
Goods, any Goods in storage from the warehouse in which they may be
stored to any other of Warehouseman's warehouses. If, however, Depositor
or holder takes delivery of the Goods in lieu of transfer, no storage
charge shall be made for the current storage month.

Warehouseman may, without notice, move Goods within the warehouse in
which they are stored.

1.  **TERMINATION OF STORAGE**

    a.  On written notice to Depositor and to any other person known by
        Warehouseman to claim an interest in Goods, Warehouseman may
        require the removal of any Goods by the end of the next
        succeeding storage month. Notice shall be given to the last
        known place of business or residence of the person to be
        notified. If Goods are not removed before the end of the next
        succeeding storage month, Warehouseman may sell them in
        accordance with applicable law.

    b.  In the event that Warehouseman, in good faith, believes that
        Goods are about to deteriorate or decline in value to less than
        the amount of Warehouseman's lien before the end of the next
        succeeding storage month, Warehouseman may specify in the
        notification any reasonable shorter time for removal of Goods.
        If Goods are not so removed, Warehouseman may sell Goods at
        public sale held \[NUMBER\] days after advertisement or posting
        as is required by law.

    c.  In the event that, as a result of a quality or condition of
        Goods of which Warehouseman had no notice at the time of
        deposit, Goods are a hazard to other property, to the warehouse
        in which Goods are stored, or to any person, Warehouseman may
        sell Goods at public or private sale without advertisement on
        reasonable notification to all persons known to claim an
        interest in Goods. If Warehouseman, after a reasonable effort,
        is unable to sell Goods, Warehouseman may dispose of Goods in
        any lawful manner and shall incur no liability by reason of such
        disposition.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TRANSFER BY DEPOSITOR**

Instructions by Depositor to Warehouseman to transfer Goods on the books
of Warehouseman are not effective until delivered to and accepted by
Warehouseman, and all charges up to the time transfer is made are
chargeable to Depositor. If a transfer involves rehandling Goods, such
rehandling shall be subject to a charge.

a.  When Goods are ordered out, a reasonable time shall be given
    Warehouseman to carry out instructions. In the event that
    Warehouseman is unable because of acts of God, war, public enemies,
    seizure under legal process, strikes, lockouts, riots, or any other
    reason beyond Warehouseman's control, because of loss or destruction
    of Goods for which Warehouseman is not liable, or because of any
    other excuse provided by law, Warehouseman shall not be liable for
    failure to carry out such instructions, and Goods remaining in
    storage shall continue to be subject to regular storage charges.

b.  In the event that a negotiable warehouse receipt has been issued, no
    Goods covered by that receipt shall be delivered, or transferred on
    the books of Warehouseman, unless the receipt, properly endorsed, is
    surrendered for cancellation or for endorsement of partial delivery.
    If a negotiable receipt is lost or destroyed, delivery of Goods may
    be made only on order of a court of competent jurisdiction and the
    posting of security approved by the court.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LIABILITY OF WAREHOUSEMAN**

    a.  Warehouseman shall not be liable for any loss or injury to Goods
        however caused unless the loss or injury results from failure by
        Warehouseman to exercise such care in regard to Goods as a
        reasonable careful man would exercise under like circumstances
        and Warehouseman is not liable for damages that could not have
        been avoided by the exercise of such care.

    b.  Goods are not insured by Warehouseman against loss or injury
        however caused.

    c.  Depositor declares that damages are limited to \[AMOUNT\].

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **NOTICE OF CLAIM; FILING OF SUIT**

    a.  Claims by Depositor and all other persons must be presented in
        writing to Warehouseman within a reasonable time, and in no
        event later than either \[NUMBER\] days after delivery of Goods
        by Warehouseman or \[NUMBER\] days after Depositor or the last
        known holder of a negotiable warehouse receipt issued for Goods
        is notified by Warehouseman that loss or injury to all or any
        part of Goods has occurred, whichever time is shorter.

    b.  No action may be maintained by Depositor or others against
        Warehouseman for loss or injury to Goods unless timely written
        claim has been given as provided in paragraph 1 of this section
        and unless such action is commenced either within \[NUMBER\]
        months after the date of delivery by Warehouseman or within
        \[NUMBER\] months after Depositor or the last known holder of a
        negotiable warehouse receipt is notified that loss or injury to
        all or any part of Goods has occurred, whichever time is
        shorter.

    c.  When Goods have not been delivered, notice may be given of known
        loss or injury to Goods by mailing of a letter by registered
        mail to Depositor or to the last known holder of a negotiable
        warehouse receipt issued for Goods.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **CANCELLATION OF AGREEMENT**

This agreement may be canceled by either Warehouseman or Depositor on
\[NUMBER\] days' written notice and is canceled if no storage or other
services are performed under this agreement for a period of \[NUMBER\]
consecutive days.

1.  **EFFECT OF AGREEMENT**

The rights and liabilities set forth in this agreement shall inure to
the benefit of, and be binding on, Warehouseman and Depositor and their
respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Warehouseman and Depositor have executed this
agreement at \[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on \[DATE\].

DEPOSITOR WAREHOUSEMAN

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
