**JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT AGREEMENT**

This Joint Venture Agreement Agreement (the "Agreement") is effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[JOINT VENTURERS NAMES\] **(the \"Joint Venturers\"),
corporations organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with their head office located at:

**AND: \[AGENT NAME\] **(the \"Agent\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

The Joint Venturers have agreed to make contributions to a common fund
for the purpose of acquiring and holding: \[NAME AND DESCRIBE\], called
the business interest. The Joint Venturers consider it advisable to
acquire and hold their business interest through a nominee so as to
avoid the necessity of numerous separate agreements, to maintain the
legal title to the business interest in a simple and practicable form
and to facilitate the collection and distribution of the profits
accruing under the business interest, and has agreed to act as nominee
of the Joint Venturers with the understanding that he is also acquiring
a participating interest in this joint Venture on his own account, It is
therefore agreed:

1.  **PURPOSE**

The Joint Venturers form this joint Venture to acquire and hold the
business interest in common and to provide the finances required for its
acquisition. To the extent set forth in this Agreement, each of the
Joint Venturers shall own an undivided fractional part in the business.
The Joint Venturers appoint as their Agent \[NAME\], whose duty shall be
to hold each of the undivided fractional parts in the business interest
for the benefit of and as Agent for the respective Joint Venturers.

1.  **CONTRIBUTIONS**

The Agent acknowledges that he has received from each of the Joint
Venturers, for the purpose of this joint Venture, the sum set after the
name of each Joint Venturer as follows:

\[CONTRIBUTION AND NAME OF JOINT VENTURERS\]

1.  **ACQUISITION OF BUSINESS INTEREST**

The Agent is authorized to acquire and hold in his own name, but on
behalf of the Joint Venturers (of which the Agent is one), the business
interest, and to pay \[AMOUNT\] for it as follows: \[AMOUNT\] in cash,
and the balance of \[AMOUNT\] by a note in that amount. The note shall
bear interest at the rate of \[%\], shall be due and payable on
\[DATE\], with prepayment privileges, and shall be secured by \[NAME AND
DESCRIBE\] which the Agent is authorized to execute and deliver.

1.  **PROFITS**

The Agent shall hold and distribute the business interest and shall
receive the net profits as they accrue for the term of this Agreement or
so long as the Joint Venturers are the owners in common of the business
interest, for the benefit of the Joint Venturers as follows:

\[PROPORTION AND NAME OF JOINT VENTURERS\]

1.  **EXPENSES OF VENTURE**

All losses and disbursements incurred by the Agent in acquiring, holding
and protecting the business interest and the net profits shall, during
the period of the Venture, be paid by the Joint Venturers, on demand of
the Agent, in the ratio which the contribution of each Joint Venturer
bears to the total contributions set forth in Article Two.

1.  **LIABILITY OF AGENT**

The Agent shall be liable only for his own willful misfeasance and bad
faith and no one not a party to this Agreement shall have any rights
whatsoever under this Agreement against the Agent for any action taken
or not taken by him.

1.  **TERM**

This Agreement shall terminate and the obligations of the Agent shall be
deemed completed on the happening of either of the following events: (a)
The receipt and distribution by the Agent of the final net profits
accruing under the business interest (b) Termination by mutual assent of
all Joint Ventures.

1.  **COMPENSATION OF AGENT**

Unless otherwise agreed to in the future by a majority in interest of
the Joint Venturers, the Agent shall not receive any compensation for
services rendered by him under this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Agent and the Joint Venturers have signed and
sealed this Agreement at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated
below.

FIRST JOINT VENTURER SECOND JOINT VENTURER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

THIRD JOINT VENTURER AGENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
