**JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT**

This Joint Venture Agreement (the "Agreement") is effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[FIRST JOINT VENTURER NAME\] **(the \"First Joint
Venturer\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND JOINT VENTURER NAME\] **(the \"Second Joint Venturer\"),
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

This Agreement is entered by First Joint Venturer and Second Joint
Venturer, herein after collectively referred to as the \"Joint
Venturers\", for the purpose of performing: \[DESCRIBE JOINT VENTURE\].

**WITNESSETH:**

WHEREAS, the parties are desirous of forming a Joint Venture (the
\"Venture\"), under the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] by
execution of this Agreement for the purposes set forth herein and are
desirous of fixing and defining between themselves their respective
responsibilities, interests, and liabilities in connection with the
performance of the before mentioned project; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
herein contained, the Parties herein agree to constitute themselves as
Joint Venturers, henceforth, \"Venturers\" for the purposes before
mentioned, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto,
after first being duly sworn, do covenant, agree and certify as follows:

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

**\"Affiliate\"** shall refer to (i) any person directly or indirectly
controlling, controlled by or under common control with another person,
(ii) any person owning or controlling 10% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of such other person, (iii) any officer, director or
other partner of such person and (iv) if such other person is an
officer, director, joint Venturer or partner, any business or entity for
which such person acts in any such capacity.

**\"Venturers\"** shall refer to \[VENTURE NAME\] Inc., and any
successor(s) as may be designated and admitted to the Venture.

**\"Internal Revenue Code\"**, \"Code\" or \"I.R.C.\" shall refer to the
current and applicable Internal Revenue Code.

**\"Net Profits and Net Losses\"** means the taxable income and loss of
the Venture, except as follows:

\[DESCRIBE\]

**The \"Book\" value** of an asset shall be substituted for its adjusted
tax basis if the two differ, but otherwise Net Profits and Net Losses
shall be determined in accordance with federal income tax principles.

**\"Project\"** shall refer to that certain \[DESCRIBE\] project known
as \[NAME\].

**\"Treasury Regulations\"** shall refer to those regulations
promulgated by the Department of the Treasury with respect to certain
provision of Internal Revenue Code.

**\"Percentage of Participation\"** shall refer to that figure set forth
in Exhibit A.

1.  **FORMATION, NAME, AND PRINCIPLE PLACE OF BUSINESS**

    1.  **Formation**

\(a\) The Venturers do hereby form a joint venture pursuant to the laws
of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] in order or the Venture to carry on
the purposes for which provision is made herein.

\(b\) The Ventures shall execute such certificates as may be required by
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] or of any other state in
order for the Venture to operate its business and shall do all other
acts and things requisite for the continuation of the Venture as a joint
venture pursuant to applicable law.

1.  **Name**

The Name and style under which the Venture shall be conducted is:
\[DESCRIBE\].

1.  **Principal place of business**

The Venture shall maintain its principal place of business at \[FULL
ADDRESS\]. The Venture may re-locate its office from time to time or
have additional offices as the Venturers may determine.

1.  **PURPOSE OF THE JOINT VENTURE**

The business of the Venture shall be to perform: \[DESCRIBE\], a project
having the Contract \# , being entitled, and being in a dollar amount of
\[AMOUNT\], in accordance with the contract documents for the Project
and all such other business incidental to the general purposes herein
set forth.

1.  **TERM**

The term of the Venture shall commence as of the date hereof and shall
be terminated and dissolved upon the earliest to occur of: (i)
completion of the Project and receipt of all sums due the Venture by the
Owner, \[OWNER NAME\] pursuant thereto and payment of all laborers and
material men employed by the Venture in connection with the project;
(ii) \[DATE\]; (iii) the unanimous agreement of the Ventures; or (iv)
the order of a court of competent jurisdiction.

1.  **Description**

Except as otherwise provided in sections 6.0 and 9.0 hereof, the
interest of the Parties in any gross profits and their respective shares
in any losses and/or liabilities that may result from the filing of a
joint bid and/or the performance of the Construction Contract, and their
interests in all property and equipment acquired and all money received
in connection with the performance of the Contract shall be as follows:

\[NAME JOINT VENTURE PARTNER PERCENTAGE\]

1.  **Losses**

The Parties agree that in the event any losses arises out of or results
from the performance of the Project, each Venturer shall assume and pay
the share of the losses that is equal to the percentage of
participation.

1.  **Liabilities**

If for any reason, a Venturer sustains any liabilities or is required to
pay any losses arising out of or directly connected with the Project, or
the execution of any surety bonds or indemnity agreements in connection
therewith, which are in excess of its Percentage of Participation, in
the Joint Venture, the other Venturer shall promptly reimburse such
Venturer this excess, so that each and every member of the Joint
Venturer will then have paid its proportionate share of such losses to
the full extent of its Percentage of Participation.

1.  **Indemnities**

The Venturers agree to indemnify each other and to hold the other
harmless from, any and all losses of the Joint Venture that are in
excess of such other Venturer\'s Percentage of Participation. Provided
that the provisions of this subsection shall be limited to losses that
are directly connected with or arise out of the performance of the
Project and/or the execution of any bonds or indemnity agreements in
connection therewith and shall not be relate to or include any
incidental, indirect or consequential losses that may be sustained or
suffered by a Party.

1.  **Duration**

The Parties shall from time to time execute such bonds and indemnity
agreements, including applications there and other documents that may be
necessary in connection with the performance of the Project. Provided
however, that the liability of each of the Parties under any agreements
to indemnify a surety company or surety companies shall be limited to
the percentage of the total liability assumed by all the Parties under
such indemnity agreements that is equal to the Party\'s Percentage of
Participation.

1.  **Initial contribution of the venture**

\(a\) The Venturers shall contribute the Property to the Venture and
their Capital Account shall each be credited with the appropriate value
of such contribution in accordance with their Venture interests.

\(b\) Except as otherwise required by law or this Agreement, the
Venturers shall not be required to make any further capital
contributions to the Venture.

1.  **Venture interests**

Upon execution of this Agreement, the Venturers shall each own the
following interests in the Venture:

1.  **Return of capital contributions**

\(a\) No Venturer shall have the right to withdraw his capital
contributions or demand or receive the return of his capital
contributions or any part thereof, except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement.

\(b\) The Venturers shall not be personally liable for the return of
capital contributions or any part thereof, except as otherwise provided
in this Agreement.

\(c\) The Venture shall not pay interest on capital contributions of any
Venturer.

1.  **Allocations of net profits and losses**

Subject to the provisions of this Article, the Net Profits and losses of
the Venture (including any net \"book\" gains of the Venture resulting
from a Capital Event) shall be allocated to the Venturers in the
following priority:

A. NET PROFITS:

\(1\) First, to those Venturers with negative Capital Accounts, between
them in proportion to the ratio of their negative Capital Account
balances, until no Venturer has a negative Capital Account.

\(2\) Thereafter, to the Venturers, pro-rata, based on their respective
Venture interests as set forth in Section 5.2 hereof.

B. NET LOSSES:

\(1\) Subject to the provisions of this Article VI, Net Losses of the
Venture (including any net \"book\" loss of the Venture resulting from a
Capital Event) shall be allocated to the Venturers, pro rata, based upon
their respective Venture interests as set forth herein.

C DISTRIBUTIONS.

Distributable Cash of the Venture shall be distributed to the Venturers,
pro rata, based on their respective Venture interests as set forth
herein.

1.  **POLICY COMMITTEE**

    1.  **Management**

The management of the Joint Venture shall be conducted pursuant to
policy established by the Parties acting through a \"Policy Committee\"
which is hereby established.

1.  **Votes**

Except as provided in sections 6.0 and 9.0, each Party shall have a
voice in the Policy Committee equal to its Percentage of Participation.
For such purpose each Party is assigned the following number of votes
and hereby designates the following representatives to exercise such
votes:

\[PARTY VOTES REPRESENTATIVES\]

1.  **Substitution**

Each Venturer may, at any time, substitute an alternative in place of
any of its above-named representatives by serving written notice to all
the other Parties. Each Venturer\'s representative or

alternative representative on the Policy Committee is hereby granted and
shall hereafter possess authority to act for such Venturer on all
matters of interest to it with respect to its participation in the joint
venture.

1.  **Majority vote**

The Policy Committee shall determine the policy for the management of
the joint venturer by majority vote and, as used in this Agreement, a
\"majority vote\" is defined to be any figure greater than one-half of
the authorized votes.

1.  **Powers of the Policy Committee**

The Policy Committee shall have the following powers:

\(a\) To determine the time and place of holding its meetings and the
procedures for conducting Committee Affairs.

\(b\) To determine and act upon the various matters, expressly or
impliedly contained in other section of this Agreement, which require
decision by the Policy Committee.

\(c\) To determine and act upon any other matters of joint interest to,
or requiring prompt action by the Joint Venture.

\(d\) To determine rental rates not specifically set out in the
Additional Provisions of this Agreement for equipment owned by the
Venturers and made available for use on this project. Any equipment
owned by third parties will be invoiced to the joint venture at actual
rental costs.

\(e\) To determine insurance reserves and reserves for other potential
liabilities that may result from or arise out of the Project work.

\(f\) To consider all claims and disputes of any kind between the joint
venture and the Owner, subcontractors and/or third Parties and to
authorize negotiation, arbitration, litigation, and/or any other process
for their resolution and to authorize the settlement thereof.

1.  **Insurance coverage**

Notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary herein, insurance
coverages and limits shall be subject to approval of all the parties.

1.  **Duties**

The Policy Committee shall generally perform its duties at a meeting at
which all designated representatives of the Parties are present, but
where circumstances warrant, telephone communication between all party
representatives or their alternatives is authorized.

1.  **Salaries and expenses**

Except as otherwise provided in the Additional Provisions herein, the
salaries and expenses of each of the representatives on the Committee
shall be borne by the Party whom the representative has been designated
to represent and shall not be an expense to the joint venture.

1.  **DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY**

    1.  **Split of authority**

The Venturers agree to a split of authority betweens themselves as
follows:

\[NAME\] shall be the Administrative Managing Partner responsible for
all bookkeeping and payroll of the Joint Venture.

\[NAME\] shall be the Project Managing Partner in charge of the Project
Work.

1.  **Appointement of a General Manager**

The Project Managing Partner shall appoint the General Manager through
whom it shall direct charge and supervision of all matters necessary and
connected with the performance of the Contract, with the exception of
that performed by the Administrative Managing Partner.

1.  **Delegation of authority**

Authority to act for and bind the Venturers in connection with any and
all of the performance of the Project may be delegated in writing by
unanimous vote of the Venturers to any designated individual(s).

1.  **JOINT VENTURE BANK ACCOUNTS**

    1.  **Deposits**

All Working Capital or other funds received by the Joint Venture in
connection with the performance of the project shall be deposited in a
Checking Account, set up especially for the Joint Venture, and requiring
the joint signatures of the parties for any withdrawals. Said accounts
shall be kept separate and apart from any other accounts of the
Venturers.

1.  **Withdrawals**

Withdrawal of funds from the Joint Venture\'s Joint Checking Account may
be made in such amount and by such persons as authorized by the Policy
Committee.

1.  **ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING**

    1.  **Books**

Separate books of accounts shall be kept by the Administrative Managing
Partner of the transactions of the Joint Venture. Any Venturer may
inspect such books upon reasonable notice and at any reasonable time.

1.  **Audits**

Periodic audits may be made upon said books at such time as authorized
by the Policy Committee by persons designated by the same and copies of
said audit shall be furnished to all Venturers.

Upon completion of the Project, a final audit shall be made and copies
of such audit shall be furnished to each of the parties.

1.  **Method of accounting**

It is understood and agreed that the method of accounting used by the
Administrative Managing Partner and for state and federal income tax
purposes shall be the cash based method and that the accounting year
shall be the calendar year.

1.  **Compensation**

The Administrative Managing Partner shall receive additional
compensation in the amount of 3% of the total Project amount for the use
of its data processing system and accounting, payroll and tabulating
work. Work performed by the Administrative Managing Partner\'s in-house
counsel or executive secretary on behalf of the Joint Venture shall be
charged separately to the Joint Venture\'s account at a rate agreed upon
by the Venturers.

1.  **RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES**

All disputes arising out of this Joint Venture Agreement between the
Venturers that is not resolvable by good faith negotiations by the same,
shall be filed in \[DESCRIBE\], and shall be settled by arbitration
under the rules of \[DESCRIBE\]. In so agreeing the parties expressly
waive their right, if any, to a trial by jury of these claims and
further agree that the award of the arbitrator shall be final and
binding upon them as though rendered by a court of law and enforceable
in any court having jurisdiction over the same.

1.  **OTHER PROVISIONS**

    1.  **Entire agreement**

This agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and may
not be altered, unless the same is agreed upon in writing signed and
acknowledged by the parties.

This agreement is binding upon the heirs, court appointed
representatives, assigns, and successors of the parties.

1.  **Governing Law**

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

FIRST JOINT VENTURER SECOND JOINT VENTURER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
