Contact Name

Address

Address2

City, State/Province

Zip/Postal Code

**OBJECT: LETTER OF INTENT FOR JOINT VENTURE -- CONFIDENTIAL **

Dear \[CONTACT NAME\],

This letter is intended to set forth a letter of intent by \[COMPANY\],
a \[STATE\] corporation, and \[COMPANY\], a \[STATE\] corporation.

1.  [Overall Structure]{.underline}

Our goal is to establish a joint venture through formation of a new
entity ("\[NEW COMPANY\]") to be jointly owned by \[COMPANY\] and
\[COMPANY\]. Our initial belief as to the overall structure and purpose
of the venture is set forth in the attached Term Sheet, which would need
to be properly documented in definitive agreements.

2\. [Negotiations]{.underline}

We agree to negotiate to determine if the joint venture will be
appropriate for the parties\[, provided, however, that either party may
terminate negotiations at any time for any reason\]. \[You agree to not
negotiate or enter into or continue discussions with any other person or
company or solicit or encourage, directly or indirectly, or furnish
information to any other person or company, with respect to a similar
business arrangement, during the ninety (90) days following the date
this letter is accepted by you.\]

3\. [Confidentiality of Negotiations]{.underline}

The parties shall use best efforts to maintain at all times as
confidential information the fact that you or we have executed this
letter, the terms of this letter and the existence and content of any
negotiations between us except that both parties may (i) inform
advisors, counsel, and employees with a need to know as each party deems
necessary, and (ii) make appropriate disclosures if required by
applicable securities laws.

4.  [Governing Law]{.underline}

This letter shall be governed by the substantive laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

5\. [Entirety]{.underline}

This letter constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between
the parties hereto and their affiliates with respect to its subject
matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements,
representations, warranties and understandings of such parties (whether
oral or written). No promise, inducement, representation or agreement,
other than as expressly set forth herein, has been made to or by the
parties hereto. This letter and its exhibit hereto may be amended only
by written agreement, signed by the parties to be bound by the
amendment. Parole evidence and extrinsic evidence shall be inadmissible
to show agreement by and between such parties to any term or condition
contrary to or in addition to the terms and conditions contained in this
letter and its exhibit.

6.  [Construction]{.underline}

This letter shall be construed according to its fair meaning and not
strictly for or against either party. This letter does not, and is not
intended to, impose any binding obligations on the parties. The parties
shall not be bound by the terms of this letter unless and until the
Boards of Directors of \[COMPANY\] and \[COMPANY\] have approved the
transaction contemplated by this letter, on or before \[APPROVED DATE\].
Each such Board of Directors shall have complete discretion to approve,
disapprove or propose modifications.

If the terms and conditions of this letter are acceptable, please sign
and return to us a copy of this letter so that we can move forward with
our discussions.

Very truly yours,

COMPANY COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**CONFIDENTIAL TERM SHEET**

**FOR JOINT VENTURE**

This term sheet summarizes the principal terms with respect to the
potential formation of a joint venture corporation ("\[NEW COMPANY\]"),
whose shareholders will be \[COMPANY\] Corporation ("\[COMPANY\]") and
\[COMPANY\]aware Corporation ("\[COMPANY\]"). This term sheet is
intended solely as a basis for further discussion and is not intended to
be and does not constitute a legally binding obligation of the
parties.^\ ^No legally binding obligations on the parties will be
created, implied, or inferred until appropriate documents in final form
are executed regarding the subject matter of this term sheet and
containing all other essential terms of an agreed upon transaction and
delivered by all parties. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, it is the parties' intent that, until that event, no
agreement binding on the parties shall exist and there shall be no
obligations whatsoever based on such things as parol evidence, extended
negotiations, "handshakes," oral understandings, or courses of conduct
(including reliance and changes of position). Efforts by either party to
complete due diligence, negotiate, obtain financing or prepare a
contract shall not be considered as evidence of intent by either party
to be bound by this term sheet or otherwise. The performance by either
party prior to execution of a formal contract of any of the obligations
which may be included in a contract between the parties when
negotiations are completed shall not be considered as evidence of intent
by either party to be bound by this term sheet.

The parties are discussing a transaction on the following terms:

**General:** \[NEW COMPANY\] will be a corporation incorporated under
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

**Purposes:** \[NEW COMPANY\] will be organized for the purpose of
\[DESCRIBE\] (the "Joint Venture Purpose"), and for the purpose of
engaging in all activities and transactions that are necessary in
furtherance of that purpose. \[NEW COMPANY\] shall not engage in any
other activity except as set forth above.

**Location of** \[NEW COMPANY\] will be located at \[LOCATION\].

**Principal Office: **

**Management:** The Board of Directors of \[NEW COMPANY\] shall consist
of \[NUMBER\] directors (to be named by \[COMPANY\]) and \[NUMBER\]
directors (to be named by \[COMPANY\]). The parties will execute a
Shareholders Agreement setting forth the rights to elect directors and
other management matters.

**Business Plan:** The parties will agree prior to the formation of the
joint venture on a Business Plan for the first \[NUMBER\] years of
operation of the venture.

**Matters Requiring** Action on the following matters shall only be
taken pursuant to

**Consent:** resolutions duly adopted by a vote or consent of \[ALL OR A
MAJORITY\] the directors of \[NEW COMPANY\]:

\(a\) approval of any agreements, documents or other arrangements
between or involving \[NEW COMPANY\] and any shareholder or affiliate
thereof, as well as any amendment, consent or waiver with respect to
such arrangements;

\(b\) removal of directors other than by the party which designated the
director to be removed;

\(c\) approval of the appointment of the members of any committee
established by the Board of Directors;

\(d\) terms of any employment agreements with officers of \[NEW
COMPANY\];

\(e\) approval of, and amendment to, any budgets, assessments or
financial plans;

\(f\) approval of agreements providing for the payment or receipt in
excess of \[AMOUNT\];

\(g\) all transactions regarding buildings and land, including the
lease, purchase, sale and mortgage thereof;

\(h\) individual plans and projects which are capital in nature and for
which the anticipated expenditure will exceed \[AMOUNT\];

\(i\) providing loans, guarantees, or other extensions of credit other
than in the ordinary course of business;

\(j\) amendment of the Articles or the Bylaws of \[NEW COMPANY\];

\(k\) merger into or with or acquisition of all or part of the business
of another person or entity;

\(l\) sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition of the assets of \[NEW
COMPANY\] having a fair market value, sale price, or book value at time
of disposition greater than \[AMOUNT\];

\(m\) liquidation, dissolution, winding up or voluntary bankruptcy of
\[NEW COMPANY\];

\(n\) fixing compensation of officers, including bonuses;

\(o\) change in the Business Plan;

\(p\) declaration of dividends except for \[%\] annual priority
dividends to \[COMPANY\];

\(q\) appointment, removal or change of any officer;

\(r\) any material change in the business of \[NEW COMPANY\];

\(s\) issuance, purchase or redemption by \[NEW COMPANY\] of any
securities of \[NEW COMPANY\] and any change, increase or reduction in
the capitalization of \[NEW COMPANY\];

\(t\) the borrowing of funds by \[NEW COMPANY\] in excess of \[AMOUNT\].

**Officers:** The President of \[NEW COMPANY\] shall be selected by \[BY
MAJORITY VOTE OF THE DIRECTORS\] and the other officers shall be
selected as follows: \[DESCRIBE\].

**Initial Capital Contributions** At the Closing of the Agreement,
\[COMPANY\] shall make a cash

**and Ownership** contribution of \[AMOUNT\] to \[NEW COMPANY\] for its
shares of stock \[COMPANY\] shall make a capital contribution of
\[AMOUNT\] to \[NEW COMPANY\] and all of \[COMPANY\]'s right, title, and
interest in the assets described in Exhibit 1. A single class of
\[VALUE\] par value \[COMMON STOCK\] shall be authorized consisting of
\[NUMBER\] shares. Shares will be issued in the following proportions:

\[COMPANY\] \[%\]

\[COMPANY\] \[%\]

**Additional** \[\[COMPANY\] or \[COMPANY\]\] will be obligated to make
additional capital

**Contributions:** contributions to \[NEW COMPANY\] in the following
instances:

\[SPECIFY\]

**Loans to \[NEW COMPANY\]:** \[COMPANY\] will loan \[AMOUNT\] to \[NEW
COMPANY\] on the following conditions and for the following
purposes:\[DESCRIBE\]. The key terms for such loans are as follows:

\(a\) Interest Rate: \[%\]

\(b\) Maturity Date: \[DATE\]

\(c\) Payment Schedule: \[SPECIFY\]

\(d\) Loan Origination Fee: \[AMOUNT\]

\(e\) Secured by: \[NAME\]

**Failure to Make Additional** If \[\[COMPANY\] or \[COMPANY\]\] fails
to make the additional required

**Contributions** contributions, the other party will have the option to
exercise one or more of the Contributions: following rights to the
extent not inconsistent:

**Restrictions on** Each party and its Affiliates will be prohibited
from directly or

**Competition:** indirectly competing with \[NEW COMPANY\] in the
following areas: \[SPECIFY\].

**Transfer of** Except as provided for below, without the prior written
consent

**Interests:** of the other party, no party, nor any assignee or
successor in interest of any party, shall sell, assign or otherwise
transfer any interest in \[NEW COMPANY\]. \[COMPANY\] and \[COMPANY\]
will have a right of first refusal on (i) issuances or transfers of
securities, and (ii) license, joint venture or other business
arrangements proposed by \[NEW COMPANY\].

**Confidentiality:** All employees of \[NEW COMPANY\] will execute
Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreements. Each party shall,
at all times during the term of the venture and thereafter, use its
reasonable efforts to safeguard the secrecy of any of \[NEW COMPANY\]'s
confidential information, including marketing plans, customer
information, specialized information, or financial information.

**Defaults and** If a default event occurs, the non-breaching party
shall have the

**Remedies:** option to exercise the following rights to the extent not
inconsistent: \[RIGHTS\].

**Deadlock Events:** If a majority of the Board of \[NEW COMPANY\] can
not agree on any material business or management issue arising out of
the venture, a Deadlock will be deemed to exist. Upon the occurrence of
a Deadlock, either party may:

\(a\) Submit the matter to \[BINDING\] arbitration.

\(b\) Exercise the Buy‑Sell Option set forth below.

\(c\) Require that the Chief Executive Officer of each party meet to
attempt to resolve the deadlock.

\(d\) \[OTHER OPTIONS\]

**Buy-Sell Option:** Under a Deadlock Event and certain other instances
to be detailed in the definitive documents, a party shall have the right
to exercise a buy-sell option (the "Buy-Sell Option"), whereby the
electing party would be required to designate a price at which it would
be willing to sell its interest or to purchase the other party's
interest in \[NEW COMPANY\], and the non-electing party would have the
option to buy or sell such interest at that price.

**Preferential Treatment** \[NEW COMPANY\] and \[COMPANY\] will execute
a Preferential

**Agreement:** Treatment Agreement, providing for, among other things,
(i) preferential pricing and priority of production to \[COMPANY\] and
its affiliates for purchase of \[NEW COMPANY\]'s products, (ii) a
non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license to \[NEW COMPANY\] for
developed technology for \[COMPANY\] and its affiliates to make and use
any products for their internal purposes, (iii) \[NEW COMPANY\]'s
technical assistance to \[COMPANY\] to allow it to manufacture products
using the licensed technology, and (iv) a "most-favored nation"
provision for \[COMPANY\] with respect to all price reductions, rebates,
allowances, etc., offered to any other customer of \[NEW COMPANY\].

**Representations and** The parties will make a number of
representations and warranties,

**Warranties:** including (i) due incorporation, qualification, and
authorization to enter into the joint venture, (ii) exclusive ownership
of the assets being contributed to \[NEW COMPANY\] free of any lien,
security interest, infringement, or adverse claim, \[(iii) accuracy and
adequacy of the statements made in the \[NAME\] patent,\] (iv) other
representations and warranties concerning the business, liabilities, and
good standing of the parties, and (v) other representations and
warranties typically obtained in transactions of this type. The parties
will agree to indemnify and hold harmless \[NEW COMPANY\] and the other
party for any losses or liabilities arising from any breach of a
representation or warranty.

**Employment Agreement and** \[NEW COMPANY\] will enter into an
Employment Agreement and

**with Key Employee:** Confidentiality and Invention Assignment
Agreement with \[NAME\] ("Key Employee") containing substantially the
following terms:

\(a\) \[NUMBER\]-year term.

\(b\) Base salary of \[AMOUNT\] yearly.

\(c\) Bonus (if any) as determined by the Board of \[NEW COMPANY\].

\(d\) Other customary benefits that may be available to other employees
of \[NEW COMPANY\], such as medical, dental, etc., all as determined by
the Board.

\(e\) Confidentiality and invention assignment protection for the
benefit of \[NEW COMPANY\].

\(f\) \[OTHER BENEFITS.\]

**\[COMPANY\] Reimbursement** \[NEW COMPANY\] will enter into a
Reimbursement Agreement with **Agreement:** \[COMPANY\], providing
reimbursement to \[COMPANY\] and its affiliates

for agreed upon services and goods provided to \[NEW COMPANY\] at
\["COST" PLUS ALLOCABLE OVERHEAD\] for goods and at an agreed upon rate
for services. \[COMPANY\] will be compensated for the use of its
facilities by \[NEW COMPANY\].

**\[COMPANY\] Reimbursement** \[NEW COMPANY\] will enter into a
Reimbursement Agreement with **Agreement:** \[COMPANY\], providing
reimbursement to \[COMPANY\] for agreed

upon services provided to \[NEW COMPANY\] at an agreed upon rate.

Conditions to Closing:

\(a\) Truth and accuracy of representations and warranties and
performance of all obligations by the parties.

\(b\) Satisfactory conclusion of due diligence investigation.

\(c\) Receipt of satisfactory opinions of counsel.

\(d\) Agreement on Business Plan.

\(e\) Finalization and execution of all documents set forth below under
"Anticipated Documentation" in form and substance satisfactory to the
parties.

\(f\) Key man life insurance having been obtained by \[NEW COMPANY\] for
the benefit of \[COMPANY\] on Key Employee for the amount of
\[COMPANY\]'s anticipated aggregate capital contributions.

\(g\) No litigation or governmental proceeding pending or threatened.

\(h\) Approval of the Boards of Directors of \[COMPANY\] and \[COMPANY\]
\[and any required shareholder approval\].

\(i\) Receipt of any needed regulatory approval.

\[(j) Anti-trust clearance filing clearance.

\(k\) Other customary conditions.

Anticipated Documentation:

\(a\) [Master Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth the overall venture
formation agreement among the parties, with accompanying exhibits such
as Articles, Bylaws, licenses, etc.).

\(b\) [Articles of Incorporation of \[NEW COMPANY\]]{.underline}
(setting forth the Articles to be filed with the Secretary of State).

\(c\) [Bylaws]{.underline} (setting forth the Bylaws of \[NEW
COMPANY\]).

\(d\) [Shareholders Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth the agreement
of the parties with receipt to the management and operations of \[NEW
COMPANY\]).

\(e\) [Organizational Resolutions of the Board of Directors of \[NEW
COMPANY\] ]{.underline}(setting forth the organizational Board
resolutions).

\(f\) [\[COMPANY\] Contribution Agreement]{.underline} (providing for
\[COMPANY\]'s contribution of assets to \[NEW COMPANY\] with appropriate
representations and warranties).

\(g\) [Business Plan]{.underline} (setting forth the Business Plan for
\[NEW COMPANY\]).

\(h\) [\[COMPANY\] Reimbursement Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth
the services to be performed, personnel provided, use of \[COMPANY\]'s
facilities and other matters to be provided to \[NEW COMPANY\] by
\[COMPANY\], and the amounts to reimburse or compensate \[COMPANY\]
therefore).

\(i\) [\[COMPANY\] Reimbursement Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth
the services to be performed, personnel provided, and other matters to
be provided to \[NEW COMPANY\] by \[COMPANY\], and the amounts to
reimburse or compensate \[COMPANY\] therefore).

\(j\) [Preferential Treatment Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth the
terms of certain preferential treatment and the license to be granted by
\[NEW COMPANY\] to \[COMPANY\] and its affiliates).

\(k\) [Employment and Invention Assignment Agreement with Key
Employee]{.underline} (providing for the terms of employment of Key
Employee with \[NEW COMPANY\]).

\(l\) [Technology License Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth the
terms of technology licensing from \[COMPANY\] to \[NEW COMPANY\]).

\(m\) [Trademark License Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth the terms
of any trademarks or service marks to be licensed to \[NEW COMPANY\]).

\(n\) [Distribution Agreement]{.underline} (setting forth the terms of
any distribution or supply arrangement between \[NEW COMPANY\] and one
or more of the parties).

\(o\) [Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement]{.underline}
(setting forth confidentiality and invention assignment obligations, to
be signed by all employees of \[NEW COMPANY\]).

\(p\) [Opinion of \[COMPANY\]'s Patent Counsel]{.underline} (setting
forth the intellectual property opinions to be rendered in respect of
the patents and technology to be contributed by \[COMPANY\] to \[NEW
COMPANY\]).

\(q\) [Opinion of \[COMPANY\]'s Counsel]{.underline} (setting forth the
various legal opinions to be rendered to \[COMPANY\]).

\(r\) [Opinion of \[COMPANY\]'s Counsel]{.underline} (setting forth the
various legal opinions to be rendered to \[COMPANY\]).

**Expenses:** Each party to bear its own legal fees and expenses in
connection with this transaction.

**Schedule:** The expected time schedule is as follows:

  -------------------------------------- ----------
  **Event**                              **Date**
                                         
  First Draft of Definitive Agreements   
  Approval by Board of Directors         
  Regulatory Filings                     
  Signing Definitive Agreements          
  Closing Date                           
                                         
  Distribution List                      
                                         
  -------------------------------------- ----------

**[EXHIBIT 1]{.underline}**

**[ASSETS TO BE CONTRIBUTED TO THE VENTURE]{.underline}**
