**MEDIATION AGREEMENT**

This Mediation Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[FIRST PARTY NAME\] **(the \"First Party\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND PARTY NAME\] **(the \"Second Party\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

Both parties agree to have \[MEDIATOR NAME\] administer the mediation of
their dispute concerning: \[IDENTIFY DISPUTE\] on the following terms
and conditions:

1.  **MEDIATION PROCEDURES**

The mediation shall be held and conducted according to this Mediation
Agreement and the current Mediation Procedures of \[MEDIATION
ADMINISTRATOR\] attached and incorporated to this Agreement.

1.  **MEDIATOR**

The parties agree that \[MEDIATOR NAME\] will be the Mediator. The
Parties recognize that the Mediator is an independent contractor and not
an agent or employee of \[MEDIATION ADMINISTRATOR\].

1.  **MEDIATION FEES**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  The Mediation fee will be \[AMOUNT\] for a minimum of five hours; an
    additional fee of \[AMOUNT\] per \[HOUR OR PARTY\] will be charged
    thereafter, both plus costs. Mediator travel time and expenses will
    be charged at Bar Association rates; incidental expenses at cost.
    The parties agree to prepay Mediation fees as follows:

\[AMOUNT\], payable by \[PARTY\]

\[AMOUNT\], payable by \[PARTY\]

and the parties understand that the Mediation Session will not take
place until such fees are prepaid as provided for.

a.  Any charges for Mediation Fees in excess of the amount on deposit
    shall be paid within seven days in equal proportions or, if agreed
    otherwise, in such other proportions as the parties have agreed. The
    Mediator's expenses and travel time shall be paid in accordance with
    \[MEDIATION ADMINISTRATOR\] policy. At the conclusion of the
    mediation, after deduction of the administrative fee, the fee for
    the Mediator's time and the reimbursement of expenses, any unused
    prepaid Mediation Fees will be promptly returned to the parties in
    the proportions in which they were prepaid.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
4.  **CONSULTING WITH LEGAL ADVISERS**

Any party not represented by a legal adviser or in appropriate cases
other professional adviser is advised to consult one before, during and
after the Mediation Session and before finalizing an agreement reached
pursuant to the Mediation. The parties recognize that neither
\[MEDIATION ADMINISTRATOR\]* *nor the Mediator is giving legal advice or
acting as a lawyer for any of the parties or analyzing or protecting any
party's legal rights.

4.  **PRIVATE SESSIONS**

The Mediator may hold private sessions with only one party. These
private sessions are designed to improve the Mediator's understanding of
the party's position. Information gained by the Mediator through such a
session is confidential unless (a) it is in any event publicly available
or (b) the Mediator is specifically authorized by that party to disclose
it.

4.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

    a.  The parties recognize that the Mediation Session is for the
        purpose of attempting to achieve a negotiated settlement and as
        such all information provided during the Mediation Session is
        without prejudice and will be inadmissible in any litigation or
        arbitration of the dispute. Evidence which is otherwise
        admissible shall not be rendered inadmissible as a result of its
        use in the Mediation Session. The parties will not subpoena or
        otherwise require \[MEDIATION ADMINISTRATOR\]* *or the Mediator
        or any other person attending the mediation under the auspices
        of \[MEDIATION ADMINISTRATOR\]* *to testify or produce records,
        notes or any other information or material whatsoever in any
        future or continuing proceedings.

    b.  All documents, statements, information and other material
        produced or given for or during the Mediation whether in writing
        or orally, shall be held in confidence by the parties and shall
        be used solely for the purposes of the Mediation. At the
        termination of the Mediation all such material shall be returned
        to the originating party or forthwith destroyed at their option.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
4.  **TERMINATION OF MEDIATION SESSION**

Either of the parties or the mediator shall be entitled in their
absolute discretion to terminate a Mediation Session at any time without
giving any reason therefore.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

FIRST PARTY SECOND PARTY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
