**PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT**

This Partnership Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[FIRST PARTNER NAME\]** (the \"First Partner\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND PARTNER NAME\]** (the \"Second Partner\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

a.  Partners desire to join together for the pursuit of common business
    goals.

b.  Partners have considered various forms of joint business enterprises
    for their business activities.

c.  Partners desire to enter into a partnership agreement as the most
    advantageous business form for their mutual purposes.

In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this agreement,
partners agree as follows:

1.  **NAME, PURPOSE, AND DOMICILE**

The name of the partnership shall be \[NAME\]. The partnership shall be
conducted for the purposes of \[SPECIFY\]. The principal place of
business shall be at \[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\], unless
relocated by majority consent of the partners.

1.  **DURATION OF AGREEMENT**

The term of this agreement shall be for \[NUMBER\] years, commencing on
\[DATE\], and terminating on \[DATE\], unless sooner terminated by
mutual consent of the parties or by operation of the provisions of this
agreement.

1.  **CLASSIFICATION AND PERFORMANCE BY PARTNERS**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Partners shall be classified as active partners, advisory partners,
    or estate partners.

An active partner may voluntarily become an advisory partner, may be
required to become one irrespective of age, and shall automatically
become one after attaining the age of \[AGE\] years, and in each case
shall continue as such for \[NUMBER\] years unless the partner sooner
withdraws or dies.

If an active partner dies, the partner's estate will become an estate
partner for \[NUMBER\] years. If an advisory partner dies within
\[NUMBER\] years of having become an advisory partner, the partner will
become an estate partner for the balance of the \[NUMBER\]-year period.

Only active partners shall have any vote in any partnership matter.

At the time of the taking effect of this partnership agreement, all the
partners shall be active partners except \[NAME\] and \[NAME\], who
shall be advisory partners.

a.  An active partner, after attaining the age of \[AGE\] years, or
    prior to that age if the \[EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OR AS THE CASE MAY
    BE\] with the approval of \[TWO-THIRDS OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\] of
    all the other active partners determines that the reason for the
    change in status is bad health, may become an advisory partner at
    the end of any calendar month on giving \[NUMBER\] calendar months'
    prior notice in writing of the partner's intention to do so. The
    notice shall be deemed to be sufficient if sent by registered mail
    addressed to the partnership at its principal office at \[ADDRESS\],
    \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\] not less than \[NUMBER\] calendar
    months prior to the date when the change is to become effective.

b.  Any active partner may at any age be required to become an advisory
    partner at any time if the \[EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OR AS THE CASE MAY
    BE\] with the approval of \[TWO-THIRDS OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\] of
    the other active partners shall decide that the change is for any
    reason in the best interests of the partnership, provided notice of
    the decision shall be given in writing to the partner. The notice
    shall be signed by the \[CHAIRMAN OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\] of the
    \[EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\] or, in the event of
    his or her being unable to sign at the time, by another member of
    the \[EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\]. The notice shall
    be served personally on the partner required to change his or her
    status, or mailed by registered mail to the partner's last known
    address. Change of the partner's status shall become effective as of
    the date specified in the notice.

c.  Every active partner shall automatically and without further act
    become an advisory partner at the end of the fiscal year in which
    the partner's birthday occurs.

d.  In the event that an active partner becomes an advisory partner or
    dies, the partner or the partner's estate shall be entitled to the
    following payments at the following times:

\[DESCRIBE\]

Each active partner shall apply all of the partner's experience,
training, and ability in discharging the partner's assigned functions in
the partnership and in the performance of all work that may be necessary
or advantageous to further the business interests of the partnership.

1.  **CONTRIBUTION**

Each partner shall contribute \[AMOUNT\] on or before \[DATE\] to be
used by the partnership to establish its capital position. Any
additional contribution required of partners shall only be determined
and established in accordance with Article Nineteen.

1.  **BUSINESS EXPENSES**

The rent of the buildings where the partnership business shall be
carried on, and the cost of repairs and alterations, all rates, taxes,
payments for insurance, and other expenses in respect to the buildings
used by the partnership, and the wages for all persons employed by the
partnership are all to become payable on the account of the partnership.
All losses incurred shall be paid out of the capital of the partnership
or the profits arising from the partnership business, or, if both shall
be deficient, by the partners on a pro rata basis, in proportion to
their original contributions, as provided in Article Nineteen.

1.  **AUTHORITY**

No partner shall buy any goods or articles or enter into any contract
exceeding the value of \[AMOUNT\] without the prior consent in writing
of the other partners. If any partner exceeds this authority, the other
partners shall have the option to take the goods or accept the contract
on account of the partnership or to let the goods remain the sole
property of the partner who shall have obligated himself or herself.

1.  **SEPARATE DEBTS**

No partner shall enter into any bond, or become surety or cosigner, or
provide security for any person, partnership, or corporation, or
knowingly condone anything by which the partnership property may be
attached or taken in execution, without the prior written consent of the
other partners.

Each partner shall punctually pay the partner's separate debts and
indemnify the other partners and the capital and property of the
partnership against the partner's separate debts and all expenses
relating to such separate debts.

1.  **BOOKS AND RECORDS**

Books of account shall be maintained by the partners, and proper entries
made in the books of all sales, purchases, receipts, payments,
transactions, and property of the partnership. The books of account and
all records of the partnership shall be retained at the principal place
of business as specified in Article One. Each partner shall have free
access at all times to all books and records maintained relative to the
partnership business.

1.  **ACCOUNTING**

The fiscal year of the partnership shall be from \[MONTH AND DAY\] to
\[MONTH AND DAY\] of each year. On the \[DAY\] of \[MONTH\]*,*
commencing in \[YEAR\]*,* and on the \[DAY\] of \[MONTH\] in each
succeeding year, a general accounting shall be made and taken by the
partners of all sales, purchases, receipts, payments, and transactions
of the partnership during the preceding fiscal year, and of all the
capital property and current liabilities of the partnership. The general
accounting shall be written in the partnership account books and signed
in each book by each partner immediately after it is completed. After
the signature of each partner is entered, each partner shall keep one of
the books and shall be bound by every account, except that if any
manifest error is found in an account book by any partner and shown to
the other partners within \[NUMBER\] months after the error shall have
been noted by all of them, the error shall be rectified.

1.  **DIVISION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES**

Each partner shall be entitled to \[%\] of the net profits of the
business, and all losses occurring in the course of the business shall
be borne in the same proportion, unless the losses are occasioned by the
willful neglect or default, and not the mere mistake or error, of any of
the partners, in which case the loss so incurred shall be made good by
the partner through whose neglect or default the losses shall arise.
Distribution of profits shall be made on the \[DAY\] of \[MONTH\]* *each
year.

1.  **ADVANCE DRAWS**

Each partner shall be at liberty to draw out of the business in
anticipation of the expected profits any sums that may be mutually
agreed on, and the sums are to be drawn only after there has been
entered in the books of the partnership the terms of agreement, giving
the date, the amount to be drawn by the respective partners, the time at
which the sums shall be drawn, and any other conditions or matters
mutually agreed on. The signatures of each partner shall be affixed on
the books of the partnership. The total sum of the advanced draw for
each partner shall be deducted from the sum that partner is entitled to
under the distribution of profits as provided for in Article Ten.

1.  **SALARY**

No partner shall receive any salary from the partnership, and the only
compensation to be paid shall be as provided in Articles Ten and Eleven.

1.  **RETIREMENT**

In the event any partner shall desire to retire from the partnership,
the partner shall give \[NUMBER\] months' notice in writing to the other
partners. The continuing partners shall pay to the retiring partner at
the termination of the \[NUMBER\] months' notice the value of the
interest of the retiring partner in the partnership. The value shall be
determined by a closing of the books and a rendition of the appropriate
profit and loss, trial balance, and balance sheet statements. All
disputes arising from such determination shall be resolved as provided
in Article Twenty.

1.  **RIGHTS OF CONTINUING PARTNERS**

On the retirement of any partner, the continuing partners shall be at
liberty, if they so desire, to retain all trade names designating the
firm name used. Each of the partners shall sign and execute any
assignments, instruments, or papers that shall be reasonably required
for effectuating an amicable retirement.

1.  **DEATH OF PARTNER**

In the event of the death of one partner, the legal representative of
the deceased partner shall remain as a partner in the firm, except that
the exercise of this right on the part of the representative of the
deceased partner shall not continue for a period in excess of \[NUMBER\]
months, even though under the terms of this agreement a greater period
of time is provided before the termination of this agreement. The
original rights of the partners shall accrue to their heirs, executors,
or assigns.

1.  **EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT**

No partner shall hire or dismiss any person in the employment of the
partnership without the consent of the other partners, except in cases
of gross misconduct by the employee.

1.  **RELEASE OF DEBTS**

No partner shall compound, release, or discharge any debt that shall be
due or owing to the partnership, without receiving the full amount of
the debt, unless that partner obtains the prior written consent of the
other partners to the discharge of the indebtedness.

1.  **COVENANT AGAINST REVEALING TRADE SECRETS**

No partner shall, during the continuance of the partnership or for
\[NUMBER\] years after its termination by any means, divulge to any
person not a member of the firm any trade secret or special information
employed in or conducive to the partnership business and which may come
to the partner's knowledge in the course of this partnership, without
the consent in writing of the other partners, or of the other partners'
heirs, administrators, or assigns.

1.  **ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS**

The partners shall not have to contribute any additional capital to the
partnership required under Article Four, except as follows: (1) each
partner shall be required to contribute a proportionate share in
additional contributions if the fiscal year closes with an insufficiency
in the capital or profits of the partnership to meet current expenses;
or (2) the capital falls below \[AMOUNT\] for a period of \[NUMBER\]
months.

1.  **ARBITRATION**

If any differences shall arise between or among the partners as to their
rights or liabilities under this agreement, or under any instrument made
in furtherance of the partnership business, the difference shall be
determined and the instrument shall be settled by \[NAME OF
ARBITRATOR\]*,* acting as arbitrator, and the decision shall be final as
to the contents and interpretations of the instrument and as to the
proper mode of carrying the provision into effect.

1.  **ADDITIONS, ALTERATIONS, OR MODIFICATIONS**

Where it shall appear to the partners that this agreement, or any terms
and conditions contained in this agreement, are in any way ineffective
or deficient, or not expressed as originally intended, , the partners
will enter into, execute, and perform all further deeds and instruments
as their counsel shall advise. Any addition, alteration, or modification
shall be in writing, and no oral agreement shall be effective.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Partnership Agreement
at \[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] the day and year first above
written.

FIRST PARTNER SECOND PARTNER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
