**SECURITY AGREEMENT WITH **

**COPYRIGHT AS COLLATERAL**

This Security Agreement is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SECURED PARTY NAME AND ADDRESS\] **(the "Secured Party")**
**a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[BORROWER NAME AND ADDRESS\] **(the "Borrower")** **a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**BACKGROUND INFORMATION**

A.  On even date herewith, Secured Party has extended a loan to
    Borrower, in the original principal amount equal to \[AMOUNT\] which
    indebtedness is represented by a certain promissory note dated
    \[DATE\] executed by Borrower in favor of Secured Party.

B.  Secured Party has required Borrower to give certain collateral for
    the indebtedness evidenced by the Promissory Note in the form of
    certain \[COUNTRY\] Copyrights described in Exhibit "A" attached
    hereto (the "Copyrights" or the "Collateral").

C.  Borrower represents and warrants to the Secured Party that the
    Borrower is the sole and exclusive owner of the Copyrights and has
    full and unrestricted right, title and interest in and to said
    Copyrights.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, Borrower agrees to grant Secured Party
a security interest in and to said Copyrights as follows:

1.  **GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST**

    1.  **Grant of Security Interest**

Borrower hereby grants and conveys to the Secured Party, a first
priority security interest as defined under \[LAW\], for the benefit of
the Secured Party and the Secured Party's successors and assigns, in and
to the Borrower's entire right, title and interest in and to the
Copyrights, including but not limited to (i) all of the exclusive rights
of the owner of a registered copyright under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright
Act, (ii) the right to file copyright renewals with the \[COUNTRY\]
Copyright Office, (iii) the right to assert that the exclusive copyright
has been infringed by a third party, (iv) the right to collect damages
for copyright infringement, including the right to elect statutory
damages and recover costs and attorney fees, (v) the right to receive
all income, including royalties, mechanical royalties, damages for past
and future infringement, and all other income and revenues of every
nature and kind relative to such Copyrights, (vi) all rights related to
the materials covered by the Copyrights throughout the world, (vii) the
right to make and control derivative works based upon the original
Copyrighted material and to assert ownership of such derivative works,
(viii) the right to publish, reproduce, distribute, and publicly perform
the Copyrighted works, (ix) the right to proceeds from any of the above.

1.  **Obligations Secured**

The security granted hereunder shall be security for the prompt payment
and performance of the Obligations. The Obligations shall include any
and all debts, obligations and liabilities that the Borrower may have to
the Secured Party, including but not limited to all obligations set
forth in the Promissory Note, including but not limited to principal
payment, interest, penalties and periodic payments.

1.  **USE AND ENJOYMENT PRIOR TO DEFAULT**

So long as Borrower does not commit an Event of Default or an Event of
Default does not otherwise occur, Borrower shall maintain full use and
enjoyment of the Copyrights to use consistent with and subject to the
terms of this Agreement.

1.  **REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT**

On occurrence of an Event of Default, Secured Party shall have the
following remedies:

1.  Secured party may, at any time after default, without notice to
    Borrower, declare all or any of the obligations immediately due and
    payable. Secured party will have, in addition to all other rights
    and remedies, the rights and remedies of a Secured Party under
    \[LAW\], including, without limitation, the right to sell, lease, or
    otherwise dispose of any or all of the Collateral.

2.  After deducting all costs and expenses of every kind incurred in, or
    incidental to, the retaking, holding, advertising, preparing for
    sale, or the selling, leasing, or otherwise disposing of the
    Collateral, including, but not limited to, attorney\'s fees, legal
    expenses, and cost of any repair considered necessary by Secured
    Party, all of which costs and expenses Borrower agrees to pay,
    Secured Party may apply the net proceeds of any sale, license,
    lease, or other disposition of the collateral to payment of the
    obligation or obligations secured, whether due or not, in such order
    as Secured Party may elect. However, if Secured Party has
    transferred any of the obligations to another party, the net
    proceeds of any disposition of Collateral shall be applied first to
    payment of any notes constituting obligations in the order of their
    dates beginning with the note of earliest date (a note in extension
    or renewal being considered as if of the same date as the original
    note) and then to payment of any other obligations, whether due or
    not, in such order as Secured Party may elect. In applying net
    proceeds to payment of obligations, proper rebate for any unearned
    interest or discount will be made.

3.  Whenever an attorney is employed to collect any obligation or to
    enforce any right of Secured Party against Borrower under this
    security agreement, whether by suit or other means, Borrower agrees
    to pay an attorney\'s fees.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **EVENTS OF DEFAULT**

**The following shall constitute Events of Default hereunder:**

1.  Any failure to make any payment as required under the Promissory
    Note on or before the due date thereof.

2.  Any failure to perform any act required under the Promissory Note or
    under the terms of this Agreement.

3.  Lender determines that any of the representations and warranties
    made by the Borrower hereunder are untrue, inaccurate or misleading
    or have become untrue, inaccurate or misleading.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **BORROWER COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

Borrower warrants, represents and covenants with and to the Borrower the
following:

1.  The Borrower has full right, power and authority to execute and
    deliver this Security Agreement and to grant the security interest
    in the Collateral as provided herein.

2.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Security Agreement
    has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action.

3.  This Security Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
    Borrower and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
    the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its
    terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, reorganization,
    insolvency, moratorium, or other similar laws from time to time in
    effect affecting creditor\'s rights generally and by principles
    governing the availability of equitable remedies, and the grant of
    the security interest in the Collateral existing on the date hereof
    constitutes, and, as to subsequently acquired Collateral, will
    constitute, a valid and perfected first and prior security interest,
    superior to the rights of any other person, in and to the
    Collateral.

4.  Borrower shall have the responsibility and obligation to defend and
    protect the Copyrights at its own cost and expense and that Secured
    Party shall have no responsibility regarding the same. In the event
    that the Borrower fails or refused to take any step required by
    Secured Party to defend and protect its Copyright, Secured Party
    may, but is not required to take such action on behalf of and in the
    name of the Borrower and any costs and expenses incurred by Secured
    Party shall be immediately due and payable upon notice thereof to
    Borrower and such amounts shall be and become further Obligations
    secured by this Security Agreement.

5.  Borrower shall register all derivative works, modifications, and
    amendments to the original Copyrighted works to the extent such
    registration is available. All such registrations shall be
    accomplished within the time from necessary to assure the election
    of statutory damages and attorney fees in the event of infringement
    as provided under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act. In furtherance
    thereof, Borrower shall consistently utilize copyright notices on
    all publications of the Copyrighted works. Borrower shall take all
    reasonable steps to police potential copyright infringement on the
    Copyrights. Borrower shall notify Secured Party in writing upon
    learning of possible infringements on the Copyrights. Any
    infringement that has a material adverse effect on the value of the
    Copyrights or otherwise required by the Secured Party shall be
    prosecuted by the Borrower using all available legal avenues.

6.  Borrower shall take all steps necessary to assure maximum possible
    international protection of the Copyrights and protections under the
    Berne Convention on International Copyrights.

7.  Borrower shall take any and all actions necessary to assure that the
    Copyrights remain in effect and are fully enforceable throughout the
    term of this Agreement. This shall include, but is not limited to
    assuring that such Copyrights are renewed on a timely basis.

8.  Borrower shall not during the term of this Agreement, license any
    rights to use the Copyrights or any portion thereof without the
    advanced written consent of the Secured Party, which consent may be
    withheld in the discretion of the Secured Party.

9.  Borrower shall, upon written request from the Secured Party, execute
    and deliver any and all documents required by the \[COUNTRY\]
    Registrar of Copyrights and any applicable office for the
    recordation of liens to perfect the security interest in the
    Copyrights secured hereunder, assign the Copyrights to the Secured
    Party following the occurrence of any Event of Default and release
    the security agreement as provided herein. The recordation,
    transmission, preparation costs, and all other costs and expenses
    related thereto shall be the obligation of the Borrower.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **POWER OF ATTORNEY**

The Borrower hereby constitutes and appoints the Secured Party its true
and lawful attorney‑in‑fact for the purpose of carrying out the
provisions of this Security Agreement and taking any action and
executing any instrument which the Secured Party may deem necessary or
advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment is
irrevocable and coupled with an interest.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice or demand upon any party shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been received when personally delivered or when mailed
through the \[COUNTRY\] Postal Service, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, or when shipped by private express carrier, shipment charges
prepaid, to the party to whom delivery shall be made at the following
respective addresses:

If to the Borrower: \[FULL ADDRESS\]

Attention: \[NAME AND TITLE\]

If to the Secured party: \[FULL ADDRESS\]

Attention: \[NAME AND TITLE\]

1.  **NO WAIVER**

No delay on the part of the Secured Party in exercising any of its
rights, remedies, powers and privileges hereunder or under applicable
law or partial or single exercise thereof, shall constitute a waiver
thereof. None of the terms and conditions of this Security Agreement may
be changed, waived, modified or varied in any manner whatsoever unless
in writing duly signed by the Borrower and the Secured Party.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

The rights, powers and remedies of the Secured Party herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies which the
Secured Party would otherwise have. The Borrower shall indemnify the
Secured Party and save harmless the Secured Party from and against any
liability, cost (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) or damage which
it may incur in connection with this Security Agreement and the security
interest granted hereby, including, without limitation, any such
liability, cost or damage it may incur in connection with the exercise,
performance or preservation of any of its rights, powers and remedies
set forth herein or otherwise available under law (except for any
liability, cost or damage arising from the Secured Party\'s gross
negligence or willful misconduct).

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

This Security Agreement shall be binding upon the Borrower and its
successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Secured
Party and its successors and assigns, provided, however, the Borrower
may not, without the prior written consent of the Secured Party, assign
any of its rights or obligations hereunder to any person or entity. All
agreements, representations and warranties made herein by the Borrower
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Security Agreement.
This Security Agreement is a continuing one and all liabilities to which
it applies or may apply under the terms hereof shall be conclusively
presumed to have been created in reliance hereon.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Security Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties
hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the
laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. This Security Agreement is intended to take
effect as a sealed instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this document to be executed
under seal of the day and year first above written.

BORROWER SECURED PARTY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
