**SALE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT **

This Sale and Security Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME AND ADDRESS\] **(the "Seller") , a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[BUYER NAME AND ADDRESS\] **(the "Buyer") , a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **DESCRIPTION OF GOODS PURCHASED**

The goods I, Buyer, have purchased are:

\[SET OUT QUANTITY AND DESCRIPTION OF GOODS, ALONG WITH ANY REMARKS\].

1.  **TIME SALE PRICE**

I agree to pay the following price for the above goods:

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----
  \(1\) The cash price of the goods, which is                                   \$
  \(2\) Plus the credit service charge, which is                                \$
  \(3\) Less the down payment, which is                                         \$
  \(4\) Less trade-in (if any, described below)                                 \$
  \(5\) The TIME-SALE BALANCE on the PRICE, which is still due the Seller, is   \$
                                                                                
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----

1.  **BUYER'S OBLIGATION**

I agree to pay the Seller the TIME-SALE PRICE BALANCE OF \[AMOUNT\],
which is described above, in \[NUMBER\] successive monthly installments
of \[AMOUNT\] each, and one final installment of \[AMOUNT\].

The first of these installments is to be made on \[DATE\], and from that
time forward subsequent payments are due and payable, one after the
other, on the \[DAY\] of each month.

I understand and agree that, Seller, may assign this agreement to a bank
or finance company and that I will then be required to make my
installment payments to the assignee if I am requested to do so. The
bank or finance company, the assignee, shall then have all of the rights
of a "Seller" under this agreement.

1.  **SECURITY**

I understand and agree that the goods that I have purchased do not
become fully mine to do with as I please until I have made all my
payments and fully performed this agreement. I grant to the Seller a
security interest in the goods I have purchased in accordance with
\[CODE OR LAW\] as that Law/Code is enacted in \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. I
understand and agree that the effect of my granting this security
interest is that, until I have made all my payments and fully performed
this agreement, the goods belong in part to the Seller and serve as
collateral to make sure that I will make the payments I have promised
and will perform this agreement as I have agreed. If I fail to make
these payments or to perform this agreement, the Seller may take the
goods back and dispose of them in order to pay off my debt to the
Seller. I understand that I remain fully liable at all times for the
price of the goods that I have purchased even if they are taken back. If
they are taken back and resold, I understand that I become liable for
any expenses this may involve and continue to be liable on any part that
may still remain due over and above the return made on the sale or
disposition.

1.  **DISCLOSURE STATEMENT**

In order that I understand completely the terms of this purchase and my
payment obligation, the Seller has supplied me with a separate statement
called a DISCLOSURE STATEMENT that sets out the essential details of
this credit agreement.

1.  **RISK OF LOSS**

If the goods I have purchased are lost, damaged, stolen or destroyed, I
will still have to pay the Seller all the amounts due under this
agreement.

1.  **PROMISES**

I make the following promises:

A.  The property I have purchased has been purchased for myself, and no
    one has any interest in the goods except, the Seller, who has
    retained an interest in them in order to make sure that I make my
    payments and fully perform this agreement. Except for that interest,
    the goods are mine and will remain mine, and no one else has any
    interest in them or claim to them.

B.  I promise not to sell or lease or dispose of the goods I have
    purchased in any way, or to use or permit their use by anyone else
    in any manner that would lessen their value or cause the Seller to
    worry about the goods. I promise not to use or permit anyone else to
    use the goods in any manner that is illegal or in violation of any
    insurance policy. If it should ever become necessary to dispose of
    the goods, I will do so only after I have first contacted the Seller
    and then only after the Seller has given clear written consent to
    such a disposal.

C.  I promise to keep the goods insured at all times for their full
    value against fire, theft, loss and damage with an insurance company
    that is acceptable to the Seller and, if requested, will deliver the
    policy or evidence of the policy to the Seller.

D.  I promise to pay all taxes, and any and all other charges that may
    be made on the goods.

E.  I promise to keep the goods in good condition and repair and will do
    everything reasonable to maintain them in their present condition
    with the exception of the normal wear and tear that is to be
    expected.

F.  The Seller may inspect the collateral from time to time, and I
    promise to cooperate fully in the making of such inspections.

G.  I promise to cooperate fully with the Seller in making this
    agreement work and, if requested, will cooperate in taking any steps
    or completing any papers that may become necessary or helpful to
    protect the interest the Seller has retained in these goods.

H.  Use of the Collateral. The Buyer makes it clear and guarantees that
    the primary use of the collateral is for \[PERSONAL, FAMILY OR
    HOUSEHOLD OR BUSINESS\] purposes. The only other use(s) of the
    collateral is/are \[DESCRIBE\].

I.  Location of the Collateral

    1.  The Buyer guarantees that the goods are to be kept at the
        following place at all times: \[FULL ADDRESS\].

    2.  The Buyer also guarantees that he or she has no plans or
        intentions to remove the collateral from the above location in
        the foreseeable future. If a change of location of the
        collateral does become necessary, for any reason, the Buyer will
        first notify the Seller and agrees not to change the location
        without the clear written consent of the Seller prior to any
        such change.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  The collateral \[will not be attached to real estate or will be
    attached to real estate, and that real estate is located at
    (address), and is properly described as follows: (insert legal
    description). The owner of that real estate, as listed in the real
    estate records, is \[NAME\]\].

B.  Location of the Borrower. The Buyer makes it clear and guarantees
    that:

    1.  Buyer's legal residence is as follows: \[FULL ADDRESS\].

    2.  Buyer's place of business is located at: \[FULL ADDRESS\].

    3.  In addition to the above locations, the Buyer has residences or
        does business at the following locations: \[FULL ADDRESS\].

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **FINANCE PAPERWORK**

I agree to cooperate fully and completely and to sign any other papers
necessary or helpful to make sure that the security interest I have
granted in this agreement is and remains fully and completely effective
under the law. I also agree that a carbon, photographic or other
reproduction of this agreement or any financing statement signed by me
is sufficient as a financing statement should the need arise.

1.  **DEFAULT**

If any of the following events occur, I will be in default. When that
happens, my main obligation under this agreement will become immediately
due and payable in a single lump sum, and I will no longer have the
right to pay off my obligation to the Seller in periodic installments. I
must then, if requested, deliver the property serving as collateral to
the Seller, or, should the Seller so choose, the Seller may come and
take the goods without notice to me and without the need for any legal
papers. The Seller may then sell the property and use the proceeds to
pay off what I owe the Seller and to pay off as well the Seller's
expenses in having to repossess and sell the goods. These expenses shall
include any court costs and attorney fees the Seller may have incurred.
If the proceeds are not enough to fully cover all this, I agree to pay
the Seller the difference. Should the Seller find it undesirable to sell
the collateral, the Seller is free to take whatever other action the law
allows.

I shall be in default if any of the following events occur:

A.  If I have lied or have not been completely honest in my words and
    dealings with the Seller, either at the beginning or during the
    course of this loan, and especially in the loan application papers.

B.  If I fail to pay my installments on time and in full.

C.  If I fail to pay any other obligation I owe to the Seller on time
    and in full.

D.  If I fail to keep all the promises I have made or fail to faithfully
    perform any of the terms and conditions of this agreement or of any
    note or other paper I may have signed in connection with this
    agreement.

E.  If I fail to properly care for the goods or use or allow them to be
    used in any manner that might cause the Seller to worry about their
    continued use or value as collateral.

F.  If I allow the collateral to become attached or levied on in any
    way.

G.  If my financial condition changes to the point that the Seller has
    cause to worry about whether I will be able to pay off my
    obligations to the Seller on time and in full.

H.  If I allow the insurance on the goods to expire or to be cancelled.

I.  If I become insolvent or go bankrupt.

J.  If I die or become incompetent.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LAW**

I understand and agree that the law that will be applied to this
agreement is the law of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

This is our agreement, and I understand that when I put my signature on
this agreement I must and will carry out my end of the deal, as must the
Seller.

We, the Buyer and the Seller, have signed this agreement on \[DATE\].

BUYER SELLER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

NOTICE

ANY HOLDER OF THIS CONSUMER CREDIT CONTRACT IS SUBJECT TO ALL CLAIMS AND
DEFENSES WHICH THE DEBTOR COULD ASSERT AGAINST THE SELLER OF THE GOODS
OR SERVICES OBTAINED PURSUANT TO THIS CONTRACT OR WITH THE PROCEEDS OF
THIS CONTRACT. RECOVERY UNDER THIS CONTRACT BY THE DEBTOR SHALL NOT
EXCEED AMOUNTS PAID BY THE DEBTOR UNDER THIS CONTRACT.
