**SECURITY AGREEMENT AND PROMISSORY NOTE**

This Security Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SECURED PARTY NAME\] **(the "Secured Party"),** **a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[DEBTOR NAME AND ADDRESS\] **(the "Debtor"),** **a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

For value received, the undersigned Debtor, promises to pay to the order
of \[NAME\], together with any other holder of this note ("Secured
Party"), at its office at \[ADDRESS\], \[AMOUNT\], with interest at the
rate of \[%\] per annum. Payment shall be made in successive equal
monthly installments of \[AMOUNT\], except the final Installment, which
shall be the balance due on this note. Each such Installment is payable
on the \[DAY\] of each month, commencing on \[DATE\].

1.  **SECURITY**

To secure the payment of this note \[IF APPROPRIATE, ADD: AND ALL OTHER
OBLIGATIONS OF DEBTOR TO SECURED PARTY, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS,
HOWEVER CREATED, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, ABSOLUTE OR CONTINGENT, OR
NOW OR LATER EXISTING, DEBTOR GRANTS TO SECURED PARTY A SECURITY
INTEREST IN THE FOLLOWING PROPERTY AND ALL ACCESSORIES, PARTS, AND
EQUIPMENT NOW OR LATER AFFIXED TO THE SAME: (DESCRIBE COLLATERAL)\].
\[IF APPROPRIATE, ADD: TO FURTHER SECURE THE PAYMENT OF THIS NOTE,
SECURED PARTY SHALL HAVE A LIEN ON AND RECOURSE TO ANY PROPERTY
BELONGING TO DEBTOR THAT NOW OR LATER IS IN THE POSSESSION OR CONTROL OF
SECURED PARTY.\] Such property shall be in this agreement collectively
referred to as "Collateral."

1.  **WARRANTIES AND COMMITMENTS**

Debtor warrants and agrees that:

A.  To the extent, if any, that Debtor advises Secured Party that any of
    Collateral is being acquired with the proceeds of the note, such
    proceeds may be disbursed by Secured Party directly to the seller of
    such Collateral.

B.  Collateral, other than any part of Collateral that prior to the
    execution of this agreement Debtor advises Secured Party in writing
    consists of equipment normally used in more than one state, shall be
    kept at the address of Debtor shown above and shall not be moved
    without the prior written consent of Secured Party, \[IF
    APPROPRIATE, ADD: EXCEPT, IN THE CASE OF MOTOR VEHICLES, FOR
    TEMPORARY AND ORDINARY USE IN (STATE)\].

C.  If any of Collateral shall consist of equipment of a type normally
    used in more than one State, whether or not actually so used, Debtor
    shall immediately give written notice to Secured Party of any change
    in the principal place of business of Debtor, and of any use of any
    such Collateral in any State other than a State that Debtor has
    previously advised Secured Party that Debtor would use Collateral.
    Such Collateral will not, unless Secured Party shall otherwise
    consent in writing, be used outside the territorial limits of the
    \[COUNTRY\].

D.  Debtor has, or immediately will acquire, full title to Collateral,
    and shall at all times keep Collateral free of all liens and claims
    whatsoever, other than the security interest under this note and
    agreement.

E.  No financing statement covering any of the Collateral is on file in
    any public office, and Debtor shall from time to time, at the
    request of Secured Party, execute or join in executing such
    financing statement and other documents, pay the cost of filing or
    recording the statement and documents in all public offices deemed
    necessary by Secured Party, and do such other acts as Secured Party
    may request to perfect, establish and maintain a valid security
    interest in Collateral, including, but not limited to, deposit with
    Secured Party of any certificate of title issuable with respect to
    any of Collateral and notation on the certificate of the security
    interest under this note and agreement.

F.  Debtor shall not sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any
    of Collateral or any interest in Collateral except with the prior
    written consent of Secured Party.

G.  Debtor shall at all times keep Collateral in good order and repair,
    excepting any loss, damage or destruction that is fully covered by
    proceeds of insurance or that results from ordinary use.

H.  Debtor shall at all times keep Collateral insured against loss,
    damage, theft and other risks, in such amounts, with such companies
    and under such policies and in such form as shall be satisfactory to
    Secured Party. Such policies shall provide that loss under the
    policy shall be payable to Secured Party as its interest may appear,
    and Secured Party may apply any proceeds of such insurance that may
    be received by Secured Party to payment of any of the liabilities of
    Debtor to Secured Party regardless of whether due. Such application
    of proceeds may be made in such order as Secured Party determines
    proper. Such policies of insurance shall, if secured parties so
    request, be deposited with Secured Party.

I.  Secured party may examine and inspect Collateral or any part of the
    same, wherever located, at any reasonable time.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **USE OF COLLATERAL**

Until default under this note and agreement, Debtor may have possession
of Collateral and use the same in any lawful manner not inconsistent
with this note and agreement or with any policy of insurance on any of
Collateral.

1.  **REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES**

Secured party may perform any obligation of Debtor under this agreement
that Debtor fails to perform, and Secured Party may take any other
action that Secured Party deems necessary for the maintenance or
preservation of any of the Collateral or the interest of Secured Party
in Collateral. Debtor shall immediately reimburse Secured Party for all
expenses incurred by Secured Party in connection with the foregoing,
together with interest at the rate of \[%\] per annum from the date
incurred.

1.  **DELINQUENT PAYMENTS**

Debtor shall pay late charges of \[CENTS\] per \[DOLLAR\] on any
Installment more than \[NUMBER\] days delinquent and shall pay interest
on the unpaid balance of this note, after such balance becomes due as in
this agreement provided, at the highest lawful rate.

1.  **REFUND CREDIT**

On payment by Debtor of the balance due before the scheduled maturity of
this note, a refund credit shall be granted if and to the extent
provided by law.

1.  **DEFAULT**

The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute a
default:

A.  Nonpayment, when due, of any amount payable under this note and
    agreement or failure of Debtor to perform any agreement contained in
    this agreement.

B.  Any material false or misleading statement, representation, or
    warranty of Debtor in this agreement or in any other writing at any
    time furnished by Debtor to Secured Party.

C.  Insolvency or inability of Debtor to pay debts as they mature, the
    making by Debtor of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
    institution of any proceeding by or against Debtor alleging that
    Debtor is insolvent or unable to pay debts as they mature.

D.  Entry of any judgment against Debtor.

E.  \[IF APPLICABLE, ADD: OR OF ANY PARTNER OF DEBTOR\].

F.  Determination by Secured Party, in its absolute discretion, that it
    is insecure for any reason whatsoever.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **REMEDIES**

On any default under this agreement, all remaining installments on the
note shall, at the option of Secured Party, become immediately due and
payable, and Secured Party may exercise at any time any rights and
remedies available to it under* *\[CITE LAW\]. Debtor shall, in case of
default, assemble at the expense of Debtor all of Collateral at a
convenient place acceptable to Secured Party and shall pay all costs
incurred by Secured Party in collecting note and enforcing the rights of
Secured Party under this agreement, including reasonable attorney fees
and legal expenses and expenses of any repairs to any real or other
property to which any of Collateral may be affixed.

To the extent that notice of intended disposition of any of Collateral
is required by law, such notice, if mailed, shall be deemed reasonably
and properly given if mailed at least \[NUMBER\] days before such
disposition, postage prepaid, addressed to Debtor at the location
appearing on the records of Secured Party. Any proceeds of any
disposition of any of Collateral may be applied by Secured Party, after
satisfaction of the obligation represented by this note, to the payment
of expenses in connection with Collateral, including reasonable attorney
fees and legal expenses. Any balance of such proceeds may be applied by
Secured Party to the payment of other liabilities of Debtor to Secured
Party, and in such order of application, as Secured Party may from time
to time elect.

1.  **CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT**

To further secure payment of this note, Debtor irrevocably authorizes
any attorney of any court of record to appear for Debtor at any time
after payment is due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and confess
judgment, without process, in favor of Secured Party. Judgment may be
entered for such amount as may be unpaid under this note, together with
costs of such proceedings and attorney fees \[%\] of the amount unpaid
under this note. Debtor waives and releases all errors that may occur in
any such proceeding and consents to immediate execution on such
judgment, ratifying and confirming all that such attorney may do by
virtue of this note and agreement.

1.  **NOTICE**

Debtor waives presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest and all
other notices whatsoever. Secured party may from time to time extend or
renew the note for any period, regardless of whether for a longer period
than the original period of the note, and grant any releases,
compromises or indulgences with respect to the note, any extension or
renewal of the note or any security for the note or to any party liable
under the note or this agreement, all without notice to or consent of
Debtor and without affecting the liability of Debtor under this note and
agreement.

1.  **WAIVER**

No delay by Secured Party in the exercise of any right or remedy under
this note and agreement shall operate as a waiver of the same, and no
single or partial exercise by Secured Party of any such right or remedy
shall preclude other or further exercise of the same or the exercise of
any other right or remedy.

1.  **CONSTRUCTION AND EFFECT**

This combined note and security agreement has been delivered at \[FULL
ADDRESS\] and shall be construed in accordance with \[CITE LAW\].
Whenever possible, each provision of this note and agreement shall be
interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law; however, if any such provision shall be prohibited by or invalid
under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of
such provision or the remaining provisions of this note and agreement.

The rights and privileges of Secured Party under this note and agreement
shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

DEBTOR SECURED PARTY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
