**SECURITY AGREEMENT**

This Security Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SECURED PARTY NAME\] **(the \" Secured Party\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[DEBTOR NAME\] **(the \"Debtor\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

For value received, the undersigned Debtor, promises to pay to the order
of \[NAME\], together with any other holder of this note ("Secured
Party"), \[AMOUNT\], with interest at the rate of \[%\] per annum.
Payment shall be made in successive equal monthly installments of
\[AMOUNT\]. Each such Installment is payable on the \[DAY\] of each
month, commencing on \[DATE\].

**RECITALS **

WHEREAS, the Secured Party has extended to the Debtor a certain loan as
evidenced by a certain promissory note, in the original principal amount
equal to \[AMOUNT\] dated on even date herewith (the \"Note\"); and

WHEREAS, the Debtor wishes to grant a first priority security interest
in and to all of the Debtor's tangible and intangible personal property
pursuant to the terms hereof;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

The following terms shall have the meanings herein specified unless the
context otherwise requires. Such definitions shall be equally applicable
to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined:

**\"Contracts\"** shall mean all contracts between the Debtor and one or
more additional parties.

**\"Contract Rights\"** shall mean all rights of the Debtor (including,
without limitation, all rights to payment) under each Contract.

**\"Copyrights\"** shall mean any \[COUNTRY\] copyright to which the
Debtor now or hereafter has title, as well as any application for a
\[COUNTRY\] copyright hereafter made by the Debtor.

**\"Equipment\"** shall mean any \"equipment,\" as such term is defined
in the \[LAW OR CODE\] as in effect on the date hereof in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], now or hereafter owned by Debtor and, in any event,
shall include, but shall not be limited to, all machinery, equipment,
furnishings, fixtures and vehicles now or hereafter owned by the Debtor
and any and all additions, substitutions and replacements of, any of the
foregoing, wherever located, together with all attachments, components,
parts, equipment and accessories installed thereon or affixed thereto.

**\"General Intangibles\"** shall have the meaning assigned that term
under the \[LAW OR CODE\] as in effect on the date hereof in the State
of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

**\"Goods\"** shall have the meaning assigned that term under the \[LAW
OR CODE\] as in effect on the date hereof in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

**\"Inventory\"** shall mean all raw materials, work‑in‑process, and
finished inventory of the Debtor of every type or description and all
documents of title covering such inventory, and shall specifically
include all \"inventory\" as such term is defined in the \[LAW OR CODE\]
as in effect on the date hereof in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], now
or hereafter owned by the Debtor.

**\"Marks\"** shall mean any trademarks and service marks now held or
hereafter acquired by the Debtor, which are registered in the
\[COUNTRY\] Patent and Trademark Office, as well as any unregistered
marks used by the Debtor in the \[COUNTRY\] and trade dress, including
logos and/or designs, in connection with which any of these registered
or unregistered marks are used.

**\"Obligations\"** shall mean: (i) all indebtedness, obligations and
liabilities (including, without limitation, guarantees and other
contingent liabilities) of the Debtor to the Secured Party, including
but not limited to the Note; (ii) any and all sums advanced by the
Secured Party in order to preserve the Collateral or preserve its
security interest in the Collateral; and (iii) in the event of any
proceeding for the collection or enforcement of any indebtedness,
obligations or liabilities of the Debtor referred to in clause (i),
after an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
reasonable expenses of re‑taking, holding, preparing for sale or lease,
selling or otherwise disposing or realizing on the Collateral, or of any
exercise by the Collateral Agent of its rights hereunder, together with
reasonable attorneys\' fees and court costs.

**\"Patents\"** shall mean any \[COUNTRY\] patent to which the Debtor
now or hereafter has title, as well as any application for a \[COUNTRY\]
patent now or hereafter made by Debtor.

**\"Proceeds\"** shall have the meaning assigned that term under the
\[LAW OR CODE\] as in effect in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] on the
date hereof or under other relevant law and, in any event, shall
include, but not be limited to, (i) any and all proceeds of any
insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to the Secured Party
or the Debtor from time to time with respect to any of the Collateral,
(ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due and
payable to the Debtor from time to time in connection with any
requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or
any part of the Collateral by any governmental authority and (iii) any
and all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in
connection with any of the Collateral.

**\"Receivables\"** shall mean any \"account\" as such term is defined
in the \[LAW OR CODE\] as in effect on the date hereof in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], now or hereafter owned by Debtor and, in any event,
shall include, but shall not be limited to, all of the Debtor\'s rights
to payment for goods sold or leased or services performed by the Debtor,
whether now in existence or arising from time to time hereafter,
including, without limitation, rights evidenced by an account, note,
contract, security agreement, or other evidence of indebtedness or
security, together with (i) all security pledged, assigned, hypothecated
or granted to or held by the Debtor to secure the foregoing; (ii) all of
the Debtor\'s right, title and interest in and to any goods, the sale of
which gave rise thereto; (iii) all guarantees, endorsements and
indemnifications on, or of, any of the foregoing; (iv) all powers of
attorney for the execution of any evidence of indebtedness or security
or other writing in connection therewith; (v) all books, records, ledger
cards and invoices relating thereto; (vi) all evidences of the filing of
financing statements and other statements and the registration of other
instruments in connection therewith and amendments thereto, notices to
other creditors or secured parties, and certificates from filing or
other registration officers; (vii) all credit information, reports and
memoranda relating thereto and (viii) all other writings related in any
way to the foregoing.

1.  **GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST **

    A.  The Debtor does hereby grant to the Secured Party a continuing
        security interest of first priority in all of the right, title
        and interest of the Debtor in, to and under all of the following
        property whether now existing or hereafter created or arising:

        i.  All of the right, title and interest of the Debtor in, to
            and under all of the tangible and intangible property owned
            or possessed by the Debtor, including but not limited to the
            following, whether now existing or hereafter from time to
            time acquired: (a) each and every Receivable from services
            rendered by the Debtor or any business owned or operated by
            the Debtor; (b) all Contracts related to any business
            activities of the Debtor and any business owned by the
            Debtor, together with all Contract Rights arising
            thereunder; (c) all Inventory; (d) all Equipment; (e) all
            Marks, together with the registrations and right to all
            renewals thereof, and the goodwill of the business of the
            Debtor symbolized by the Marks; (f) all Patents and
            Copyrights created at or used by the Debtor; (g) all
            computer programs of the Debtor and all intellectual
            property rights therein and all other proprietary
            information of the Debtor, including, but not limited to,
            trade secrets; (h) all other Goods, General Intangibles,
            Chattel paper, Documents and Instruments of the Debtor; (i)
            the specific assets listed in Exhibit "A" attached hereto
            and (j) all Proceeds, accessions and products of any and all
            of the foregoing; (all of the above, collectively, the
            \"Collateral\").

        ii. The security interest of the Creditor under this Agreement
            extends to all Collateral of the kind described in preceding
            clause (a) which the Debtor may acquire at any time during
            the continuation of this Agreement.

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    A.  The Debtor hereby constitutes and appoints the Secured Party its
        true and lawful attorney, irrevocably, with full power after the
        occurrence of an Event of Default (in the name of the Debtor or
        otherwise) to act, require, demand, receive, compound and give
        acquittance for any and all monies and claims for monies due or
        to become due to the Debtor under or arising out of the
        Collateral, to endorse any checks or other instruments or orders
        in connection therewith and to file any claims or take any
        action or institute any proceedings which the Secured Party may
        deem to be necessary or advisable in the premises, which
        appointment as attorney is coupled with an interest.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DEBTOR'S RESPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS**

The Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Secured
Party, which representations, warranties and covenants shall survive
execution and delivery of this Agreement, as follows:

A.  All filings, registrations and recordings necessary or appropriate
    to create, preserve, protect and perfect the security interest
    granted by the Debtor to the Secured Party hereby in respect of the
    Collateral have been accomplished and the security interest granted
    to the Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement in and to the
    Collateral constitutes a valid and enforceable perfected security
    interest therein superior and prior to the rights of all other
    Persons therein and subject to no other Liens and is entitled to all
    the rights, priorities and benefits afforded by the \[LAW\] or other
    relevant law as enacted in any relevant jurisdiction to perfected
    security interests. The Secured Party is, and as to Collateral
    acquired by it from time to time after the date hereof the Secured
    Party will be, the owner of all Collateral free from any Lien or
    other right, title or interest of any, and the Debtor shall defend
    the Collateral against all claims and demands of all Persons at any
    time claiming the same or any interest therein adverse to the
    Secured Party. There is no financing statement covering or
    purporting to cover any interest of any kind in the, and so long as
    the Obligations remain unpaid, the Debtor will not execute or
    authorize to be filed in any public office any financing statement
    (or similar statement or instrument of registration under the law of
    any jurisdiction) or statements relating to the Collateral, except
    financing statements filed or to be filed in respect of and covering
    the security interests granted hereby by the Debtor.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  The Debtor has full right, power and authority to execute and
    deliver this Security Agreement and to grant the security interest
    in the Collateral as provided herein.

B.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Security Agreement
    has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This
    Security Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
    Debtor and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
    the Debtor enforceable against the Debtor in accordance with its
    terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, reorganization,
    insolvency, moratorium, or other similar laws from time to time in
    effect affecting creditor\'s rights generally and by principles
    governing the availability of equitable remedies, and the grant of
    the security interest in the Collateral existing on the date hereof
    constitutes, and, as to subsequently acquired Collateral, will
    constitute, a valid and perfected first and prior security interest,
    superior to the rights of any other person, in and to the
    Collateral.

C.  All Assets held on the date hereof by the Debtor are located at the
    address first set forth above and shall not be removed from such
    location. The Debtor agrees that all Inventory and Equipment now
    held or subsequently acquired by it shall be kept at such address.

D.  This Agreement is made with full recourse to the Debtor and pursuant
    to and upon all the warranties, representations, covenants and
    agreements on the part of the Debtor contained herein.

E.  The Debtor will keep and maintain at its own cost and expense
    satisfactory and complete records of its Receivables and Contracts,
    including, but not limited to, the originals of all documentation
    (including each Contract) with respect thereto, records of all
    payments received, all credits granted thereon, all merchandise
    returned and all other dealings therewith, and following default
    hereunder, the Debtor will make the same available to the Secured
    Party for inspection, at the Debtor\'s own cost and expense, at any
    and all reasonable times upon demand.

F.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and if the Secured Party
    so directs, the Debtor agrees (i) to cause all payments on account
    of the Receivables and Contracts to be made directly to such account
    as Secured Party shall request and (ii) that the Secured Party may,
    at its option, directly notify the obligors with respect to any
    Receivables and/or under any Contracts to make payments with respect
    thereto as provided in preceding clause (i). Without notice to or
    assent by the Debtor, the Secured Party may apply any or all amounts
    then in, or thereafter deposited in any any account designated by
    Secured Party. The costs and expenses (including, without
    limitation, attorneys\' fees) of collection, whether incurred by the
    Debtor or the Secured Party, shall be borne by the Debtor.

G.  Debtor shall not rescind or cancel any indebtedness evidenced by any
    Receivable or under any Contract, or modify any term thereof or make
    any adjustment with respect thereto, or extend or renew the same, or
    compromise or settle any dispute, claim, suit or legal proceeding
    relating thereto, or sell any Receivable or Contract, or interest
    therein. The Debtor will duly fulfill all obligations on its part to
    be fulfilled under or in connection with the Receivables and
    Contracts and will do nothing to impair the rights of the Secured
    Party in the Receivables or Contracts.

H.  Debtor will promptly pay when due all taxes and assessments upon the
    Collateral or for its own use and operation or upon this Security
    Agreement or upon the notes evidencing the Obligations.

I.  Other than in the ordinary course of Debtor's business, Debtor shall
    not sell, transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of any of the
    Collateral or any interest therein, or offer to do so, without the
    prior written consent of the Secured Party.

J.  The Debtor will do nothing to impair the rights of the Secured Party
    in the Collateral. The Debtor will at all times keep its Inventory
    and Equipment insured in favor of the Secured Party, at its own
    expense, to the Secured Party\'s reasonable satisfaction against
    fire, theft and all other risks to which such Collateral may be
    subject; all policies or certificates with respect to such insurance
    shall be endorsed to the Secured Party\'s satisfaction for the
    benefit of the Secured Party (including, without limitation, by
    naming the Secured Party as loss payee) and deposited with the
    Secured Party. If the Debtor shall fail to insure such Inventory and
    Equipment to the Secured Party\'s reasonable satisfaction, or if the
    Debtor shall fail to so endorse and deposit all policies or
    certificates with respect thereto, the Collateral Agent shall have
    the right (but shall be under no obligation) to procure such
    insurance and the Debtor agrees to reimburse the Secured Party for
    all costs and expenses of procuring such insurance. The Secured
    Party may apply any proceeds of such insurance when received by it
    toward the payment of any of the Obligations to the extent the same
    shall then be due. The Debtor assumes all liability and
    responsibility in connection with the Collateral acquired by it and
    the liability of the Debtor to pay its Obligations shall in no way
    be affected or diminished by reason of the fact that such Collateral
    may be lost, destroyed, stolen, damaged or for any reason whatsoever
    unavailable to the Debtor.

K.  The Debtor agrees to assign and deliver to the Secured Party such
    financing statements, in form acceptable to the Secured Party, as
    the Secured Party may from time to time reasonably request or as are
    necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Secured Party to
    establish and maintain a valid, enforceable, first priority security
    interest in the Collateral as provided herein and the other rights
    and security contemplated herein, all in accordance with the \[LAW
    OR CODE\] as enacted in any and all relevant jurisdictions or any
    other relevant law. The Debtor will pay any applicable filing fees
    and related expenses. The Debtor authorizes the Secured Party to
    file any such financing statements without the signature of the
    Debtor. The Debtor hereby constitutes and appoints the Secured Party
    its attorney‑in‑fact for the purpose of carrying out the provisions
    of this Security Agreement and taking any action and executing any
    instrument which the Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable
    to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment is irrevocable
    and coupled with an interest.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DEFAULT**

The Debtor agrees that, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, then and in every such case, subject to any mandatory
requirements of applicable law then in effect, the Collateral Agent, in
addition to any rights now or hereafter existing under applicable law,
shall have all rights as a secured creditor under the \[LAW OR CODE\] in
all relevant jurisdictions and may:

A.  Declare all Obligations secured hereunder, or any of them
    (notwithstanding any provision thereof), to be immediately due an
    payable without demand or notice.

B.  Personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately retake possession
    of the Collateral or any part thereof, from the Debtor or any other
    Person who then has possession of any part thereof with or without
    notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon the
    Debtor\'s premises where any of the Collateral is located and remove
    the same and use in connection with such removal any and all
    services, supplies, aids and other facilities of the Debtor;

C.  Instruct the obligor or obligors on any agreement, instrument or
    other obligation (including, without limitation, the Receivables)
    constituting the Collateral to make any payment required by the
    terms of such instrument or agreement directly to the Secured Party;

D.  Sell, assign or otherwise liquidate, or direct the Debtor to sell,
    assign or otherwise liquidate, any or all of the Collateral or any
    part thereof, and take possession of the proceeds of any such sale
    or liquidation; and

E.  Take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof, by directing
    the Debtor in writing to deliver the same to the Secured Party at
    any place or places designated by the Secured Party, in which event
    the Debtor shall at its own expense: (i) forthwith cause the same to
    be moved to the place or places so designated by the Secured Party
    and there delivered to the Secured Party, (ii) store and keep any
    Collateral so delivered to the Secured Party at such place or places
    pending further action by the Secured Party as provided herein,
    and (iii) while the Collateral shall be so stored and kept, provide
    such guards and maintenance services as shall be necessary to
    protect the same and to preserve and maintain them in good
    condition; it being understood that the Debtor\'s obligation so to
    deliver the Collateral is of the essence of this Agreement and that,
    accordingly, upon application to a court having jurisdiction, the
    Collateral Agent shall be entitled to a decree requiring specific
    performance by the Debtor of said obligation.

F.  Any Collateral repossessed by the Secured Party under or pursuant
    hereto, and any other Collateral whether or not so repossessed by
    the Secured Party, may be sold, assigned, leased or otherwise
    disposed of under one or more contracts or as an entirety, and
    without the necessity of gathering at the place of sale the property
    to be sold, and in general in such manner, at such time or times, at
    such place or places and on such terms as the Secured Party may, in
    compliance with any mandatory requirements of applicable law,
    determine to be commercially reasonable. Any of the Collateral may
    be sold, leased or otherwise disposed of, in the condition in which
    the same existed when taken by the Secured Party or after any
    overhaul or repair which the Secured Party shall determine to be
    commercially reasonable.

G.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, THE DEBTOR HEREBY
    WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NOTICE AND
    JUDICIAL HEARING IN CONNECTION WITH THE SECURED PARTY\'S TAKING
    POSSESSION OR THE SECURED PARTY\'S DISPOSITION OF ANY OF THE
    COLLATERAL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL PRIOR NOTICE
    AND HEARING FOR ANY PREJUDGMENT REMEDY OR REMEDIES AND ANY SUCH
    RIGHT WHICH DEBTOR WOULD OTHERWISE HAVE UNDER THE CONSTITUTION OR
    ANY STATUTE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OF ANY STATE, and the Debtor
    hereby further waives, to the extent permitted by law: All damages
    occasioned by such taking of possession except any damages which are
    the direct result of the Secured Party\'s gross negligence or
    willful misconduct; All other requirements as to the time, place and
    terms of sale or other requirements with respect to the enforcement
    of the Secured Party\'s rights hereunder; and All rights of
    redemption, appraisement, valuation, stay, extension or moratorium
    now or hereafter in force under any applicable law in order to
    prevent or delay the enforcement of this Agreement or the absolute
    sale of the Collateral or any portion thereof, and the Debtor, for
    itself and all who may claim under it, insofar as it or they now or
    hereafter lawfully may, hereby waives the benefit of all such laws.
    Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other
    realization upon, any Collateral shall operate to divest all right,
    title, interest, claim and demand, either at law or in equity, of
    the Debtor therein and thereto, and shall be a perpetual bar both at
    law and in equity against the Debtor and against any and all Persons
    claiming or attempting to claim the Collateral so sold, optioned or
    realized upon, or any part thereof, from, through and under the
    Debtor.

H.  Charge Debtor with all expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for
    sale, selling, collecting, filing applicable actions, including but
    not limited to attorney fees and costs.

I.  The proceeds of any Collateral obtained or disposed of pursuant
    hereto shall be applied as follows:

    i.  To the payment of any and all expenses and fees (including,
        without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees) incurred by the
        Secured Party in obtaining, taking possession of, removing,
        insuring, repairing, storing and disposing of Collateral and any
        and all amounts incurred by the Secured Party in connection
        therewith;

    ii. Next, any surplus then remaining to the payment of the
        Obligations in the following order of priority: (a) all interest
        accrued and unpaid; (b) the principal amount owing on the
        Loans; (c) the fees than owing to the Agent; and (d) all other
        Obligations then owing; and

    iii. If the Total Commitment is then terminated and no other
         Obligation is outstanding, any surplus then remaining shall be
         paid to the Debtor, subject, however, to the rights of the
         holder of any then existing Lien of which the Secured Party has
         actual notice (without investigation); it being understood that
         the Debtor shall remain liable to the extent of any deficiency
         between the amount of the proceeds of the Collateral and the
         aggregate amount of the sums referred to in this Article 4.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  No failure or delay on the part of the Secured Party or any holder
    of any Note in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder
    and no course of dealing between the Debtor and the Secured Party or
    the holder of any Obligation shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor
    shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or
    privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof
    or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder.
    The rights, powers and remedies herein expressly provided are
    cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies which
    the Secured Party or the holder of any Obligation would otherwise
    have. No notice to or demand on the Debtor in any case shall entitle
    the Debtor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or
    other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the
    Secured Party or the holder of any Obligation to any other or
    further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.

B.  In case the Secured Party shall have instituted any proceeding to
    enforce any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by
    foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise, and such proceeding shall
    have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or shall have
    been determined adversely to the Secured Party, then and in every
    such case the Debtor, the Secured Party and each holder of any of
    the Obligations shall be restored to their former positions and
    rights hereunder with respect to the Collateral subject to the
    security interest created under this Agreement, and all rights,
    remedies and powers of the Secured Party shall continue as if no
    such proceeding had been instituted.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNITY **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  The Debtor agrees to indemnify, reimburse and hold the Secured
    Party, the holder of any Note, and their respective officers,
    directors, employees, representatives and agents (hereinafter in
    this Section referred to individually as \"Indemnitee\" and
    collectively as \"Indemnitees\") harmless from any and all
    liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims,
    actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
    (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys\' fees and
    expenses) of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on,
    asserted against or incurred by any of the Indemnities in any way
    relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the documents
    executed in connection herewith and therewith or in any other way
    connected with the administration of the transactions contemplated
    hereby and thereby or the enforcement of any of the terms of or the
    preservation of any rights under any thereof, or in any way relating
    to or arising out of the manufacture, ownership, ordering, purchase,
    delivery, control, acceptance, lease, financing, possession,
    operation, condition, sale, return or other disposition or use of
    the Collateral, the violation of the laws of any country, state or
    other governmental body or unit, any tort (including, without
    limitation, claims arising or imposed under the doctrine of strict
    liability, or for or on account of injury to or the death of any
    Person, or for property damage) or any contract claim; provided,
    however, that no Indemnitee shall be indemnified pursuant to this
    Section for expenses to the extent caused by the gross negligence or
    willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. The Debtor agrees that upon
    written notice by any Indemnitee of any assertion that could give
    rise to an expense, the Debtor shall assume full responsibility for
    the defense thereof. Each Indemnitee agrees to use its best efforts
    to promptly notify the Debtor of any such assertion of which such
    Indemnitee has knowledge.

B.  Without limiting the application of this Article 5, the Debtor
    agrees to pay, or reimburse the Secured Party for (if the Secured
    Party shall have incurred fees, costs or expenses because the Debtor
    shall have failed to comply with its obligations under this
    Agreement), any and all fees, costs and expenses of whatever kind or
    nature incurred in connection with the creation, preservation or
    protection of the Secured Party\'s Liens on, and security interest
    in, the Collateral, including, without limitation, all fees and
    taxes in connection with the recording or filing of instruments and
    documents in public offices, payment or discharge of any taxes or
    Liens upon or in respect of the Collateral, premiums for insurance
    with respect to the Collateral and all other fees, costs and
    expenses in connection with protecting, maintaining or preserving
    the Collateral and the Secured Party\'s interest therein, whether
    through judicial proceedings or otherwise, or in defending or
    prosecuting any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or
    relating to the Collateral.

C.  Without limiting the application of this Article 5, the Debtor
    agrees to pay, indemnify and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and
    against any expenses which such Indemnitee may suffer, expend or
    incur in consequence of or growing out of any misrepresentation by
    the Debtor in this Agreement or in any statement or writing
    contemplated by or made or delivered pursuant to or in connection
    with this Agreement.

D.  If and to the extent that the obligations of the Debtor under this
    Article 5 are unenforceable for any reason, Debtor hereby agrees to
    make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of
    such obligations which is permissible under applicable law.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice or demand upon any party shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been received when personally delivered or when mailed
through the \[COUNTRY\] Postal Service, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, or when shipped by private express carrier, shipment charges
prepaid, to the party to whom delivery shall be made at the addresses
mentioned above.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

No delay on the part of the Secured Party in exercising any of its
rights, remedies, powers and privileges hereunder or under applicable
law or partial or single exercise thereof, shall constitute a waiver
thereof. None of the terms and conditions of this Security Agreement may
be changed, waived, modified or varied in any manner whatsoever unless
in writing duly signed by the Debtor and the Secured Party.

1.  **LIABILITIES**

The rights, powers and remedies of the Secured Party herein provided are
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies which the
Secured Party would otherwise have. The Debtor shall indemnify the
Secured Party and save harmless the Secured Party from and against any
liability, cost (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) or damage which
it may incur in connection with this Security Agreement and the security
interest granted hereby, including, without limitation, any such
liability, cost or damage it may incur in connection with the exercise,
performance or preservation of any of its rights, powers and remedies
set forth herein or otherwise available under law (except for any
liability, cost or damage arising from the Secured Party\'s gross
negligence or willful misconduct).

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

This Security Agreement shall be binding upon the Debtor and its
successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Secured
Party and its successors and assigns, provided, however, the Debtor may
not, without the prior written consent of the Secured Party, assign any
of its rights or obligations hereunder to any person or entity. All
agreements, representations and warranties made herein by the Debtor
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Security Agreement.

This Security Agreement is a continuing one and all liabilities to which
it applies or may apply under the terms hereof shall be conclusively
presumed to have been created in reliance hereon.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Security Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties
hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and be governed by the
laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. This Security Agreement is intended to take
effect as a sealed instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security
Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first above
written.

DEBTOR SECURED PARTY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[A]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[ASSET LIST]{.underline}**
