**NOTIFICATION OF COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, AND OTHER PROPRIETARY
INFORMATION **

Each and every item and component found on or available via download
through this site, including but not limited to manuscripts, written
materials, text, graphics, logos, software, databases, icons, images,
audio and video clips, is the exclusive proprietary property of the
owner of this site or the applicable author of such material and is
protected under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act, all applicable state
laws, and international copyright laws. The content and software on this
site may be used as a resource while accessing this web site, but may
not be downloaded or used for any other purpose whatsoever. Any other
use is prohibited and will constitute an infringement upon the
proprietary rights of the relevant owner or author.

The owner of this site asserts all proprietary rights in and to all
names and trademarks contained on this web page, regardless of whether a
trademark registration has been secured. The name \[INSERT COMPANY
NAME\] is a registered trademark of \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\], the owner
of this web site and such registered trademark will be asserted in
\[COUNTRY\] and other countries. Any use of the owner's trademarks in
connection with any product or service that does not belong to the owner
of this web site, unless otherwise authorized in a written license
agreement, will constitute an infringement upon the trademark rights of
such owner and may be actionable under the \[COUNTRY\] Trademark Laws
and/or International Trademark Laws and the Trademark or equivalent laws
of other countries.

** ONLINE COPYRIGHT AND **

**TRADEMARK PROTECTION NOTICE**

Â© Copyright Envision Corporation, 2002. All rights reserved.
Reproduction, adaptation, or translation without permission is
prohibited except as allowed under the International copyright laws. All
the text, graphics, design, content, and other works are the copyrighted
works of Envision Corporation.

** DISCLAIMER REFERENCE FOR WEB SITE FOOTER**

The use of this site, and the terms and conditions for our providing
information, is governed by our [Disclaimer]{.underline}. By using this
site, you acknowledge that you have read the [Disclaimer]{.underline}
and that you accept and will be bound by the terms thereof.

** ONLINE DISCLAIMERS REGARDING HYPERLINKS**

This site contains links to other Internet sites. Such links are not
endorsements of any products or services in such sites, and no
information in such site has been endorsed or approved by Envision
Corporation, Inc.

or

You will probably notice that we have linked our site to other Web
sites. You should understand that this does not mean that we have looked
at all these sites, that we have checked them out, or that we endorse
them. We disclaim any responsibility if some site you link to has
material on it that offends you in any way.

**ONLINE INFORMATION DISCLAIMERS **

THE INFORMATION FROM OR THROUGH TIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS," "AS
AVAILABLE," AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). THE
INFOMRATION MAY CONTAIN ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. OUR SOLE
AND ENTIRE MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR ANY INACCURATE INFORMATION, FOR ANY
REASON, AND USER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER,
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE CUSTOMER FOR THE INFORMATION
RECEIVED (IF ANY). WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE). WHETHER BASED ON
BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES ET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL
ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. WE WOULD NOT
PROVIDE THIS SITE AND INFORMATION WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES WHATSOEVER ARE MADE AS TO THE
ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS, COMPLETENESS, SUITABILITY
OR APPLICABILITY OF THE INFORMATION TO A PARTICULAR SITUATION.

All responsibility and liability for any damages caused by viruses
contained within the electronic files of this site are disclaimed.

All terms and conditions with respect to this site is governed by a
Terms of Service Agreement.

**ONLINE DISCLOSURE REGARDING **

**TERMS OF SERVICE**

The use of this site, and the terms and conditions for the sale of any
goods and services, is governed by the [Terms of Service
Agreement]{.underline}. By using this site you acknowledge that you have
read the [Terms of Service Agreement]{.underline} and the disclaimers
and caveats contained in this site, and that you accept and will be
bound by the terms thereof.

\[Note: The disclaimer should then link to the full text of the Terms of
Service Agreement.\]

By applying for and being accepted through our affiliate program, the
Recipient agree to the following terms and conditions of participation.

Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they constitute a
legal agreement between the Recipient and our company upon acceptance
into our affiliate program. BY CLICKING THE ACCEPTANCE BUTTON AT THE END
OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE RECIPIENT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT RELATIVE TO THE RECIPIENT
PARTICIPATION IN THE AFFILIATE PROGRAM. BY CLICKING THE ACCEPTANCE
BUTTON BELOW, THE RECIPIENT REPRESENT AND WARRATN TO US THAT THE
RECIPIENT HAVE CAREFULLY REVEIWED THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH
INTHIS AGREEMENT AND THAT THE RECIPIENT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL SUCH
TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

**ONLINE DISCLAIMER FOR SOFTWARE USE**

BEFORE CONTINUING WITH THE INSTALLATION OF THE PROGRAM, YOU MUST READ,
ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT WHICH FOLLOWS. WHEN PROMPTED, PLEASE INDICATE WHETHER YOU
ACCEPT OR DO NOT ACCEPT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THE SOFTWARE LICENSE, PROMPTLY RETURN THE MEDIA PACKAGE AND THE
ACCOMPANYING ITEMS (INCLUDING WRITTEN MATERIALS AND BINDERS OR OTHER
CONTAINERS) TO THE PLACE YOU OBTAINED THEM FOR A FULL REFUND.

\[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] SOFTWARE LICENSE

**1. GRANT OF LICENSE **

\[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] grants to you the right to use one copy of the
enclosed software program (the \"SOFTWARE\") on a single terminal
connected to a single computer. You may not network the SOFTWARE or
otherwise use it on more than one computer at the same time.

**2. COPYRIGHT **

The SOFTWARE is owned by \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] or its suppliers and is
protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty
provisions. You may either (a) make one copy of the SOFTWARE solely for
backup or archival purposes, or (b) transfer the SOFTWARE to a single
hard disk provided you keep the original solely for backup or archival
purposes. You may not otherwise copy the SOFTWARE, and you may not copy
the written materials accompanying the SOFTWARE.

**3. OTHER RESTRICTIONS**

You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE, but you may transfer the
SOFTWARE and accompanying written materials on a permanent basis
provided you retain no copies and the recipient agrees to the terms of
this Agreement. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble
the SOFTWARE. If the SOFTWARE is an upgrade, any transfer must include
the update and all prior versions.

**4. DUAL MEDIA SOFTWARE**

If the SOFTWARE package contains more than one form of media, such as a
3.5\" diskette and a CD-ROM, then you may use only the media appropriate
for your single-user computer. You may not use the other media on
another computer or loan, rent, lease, or transfer them to another
except as part of the permanent transfer (as provided above) of all
SOFTWARE and written materials.

**5. LIMITED WARRANTY AND REMEDY**

\[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] warrants the physical media (e.g. diskette(s) or
CD-ROM) and the physical documentation to be free of defects in
materials and workmanship for a period of 90 days from the original
purchase date. If \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] receives notification within
this warranty period of any such defects and such notification is
determined to be correct, \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] will replace the media
or documentation. The foregoing is your sole and exclusive remedy for
any breach of warranty by \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\]. This limited warranty
is void if the damage or defect has resulted from accident, abuse or
misapplication.

**6. NO OTHER WARRANTIES **

THE LIMITED WARRANTY ABOVE IS EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES FOR THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION. \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\]
MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS
ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT
FOR THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION. THE PROVISIONS ABOVE STATE NSMG'S
ENTIRE RESPONSIBILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXLCUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO
ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY.

**7. LIMITED LIABILITY **

IN NO EVENT SHALL \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO
YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE LICENSE OF, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE ANY
\[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] SOFTWARE, EVEN IF \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\] HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL
NSMG'S LIABILITY EXCEED THE LICENSE FEE PAID BY YOU. THIS LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY AND RISKS IS REFLECTED IN THE PRICE OF THE SOFTWARE.

**8. SEVERABILITY **

If any provision of this Agreement is ruled invalid, such invalidity
shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this
Agreement.

**9. TERM **

This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any
time by destroying the SOFTWARE together with all copies, modifications
and merged portions in any form. It will also terminate upon your
failure to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement. In the
event of such termination, you agree to promptly destroy the SOFTWARE
together with all copies, modifications and merged portions in any form.

**10. MISCELLANEOUS **

This is the entire Agreement between you and \[INSERT COMPANY NAME\],
and supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral, relating to
the subject matter of this Agreement. The parties disclaim the
application of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale
of Goods. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE/COUNTRY\]. You may not export or re-export the SOFTWARE
or documentation without the appropriate \[COUNTRY\] or foreign
government licenses.
