**CHECKLIST**

**FOR ESTABLISHING YOUR CORPORATE WEB SITE**

[Nobody can deny the importance of the Internet since it's becoming an
important distribution channel and an incredible communication tool.
Information technologies are expanding at an astonishing rate, with
everyone going online. Establishing and maintaining a Web site for your
company can be very useful to the future success of your business. The
following guide provides basic procedural information and helpful hints
for establishing a web site for your business. ]{.underline}

-   **[Choose an ]{.underline}[Internet Service Provider
    (ISP)]{.underline}**

[An ISP will provide you with an Internet account. Your Internet account
should include e-mail access, the ability to access other computers, the
ability to transfer files between networks, and server space for a Web
site. Your ISP will charge you a monthly fee for its services. There a
lot of ISPs in the market today. We suggest that you start by defining
your needs to have a good comparison basis. You can go at and find
useful information on different ISPs.]{.underline}

-   **[Select and Register a Domain Name or U]{.underline}[niversal
    Resource Locator (URL)]{.underline}**

[You should choose a name that represents your product and/or services
and is easy to remember. Before you decide on a name, a full trademark
search should be done. On its Web site, www.uspto.gov, the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office has a free search tool for making limited searches
of the federal register of trademarks. You can then search Network
Solutions Web site, or to determine whether your desired URL is
available. You will be able to buy the desired domain names directly
online on those sites.]{.underline}

-   **[Design Your Web Site]{.underline}**

[Think about what you want to accomplish with your site. You can obtain
ideas for your site by looking at the Web sites of your competitors. You
can then design your site yourself or hire a Web design service or
Internet consultant to design the site for you. ]{.underline}

-   **[Register Your Sit]{.underline}[e With Different Search
    Engines]{.underline}**

[You can hire professionals (search engine positioning) or do it
yourself by registering to the major search engines like Yahoo!, Google,
MSN, Alta Vista, HotBot, AOL, etc.]{.underline}

-   **[Inform Others About Your Site]{.underline}**

[Include your URL on your letterhead, business cards, in all ads, and in
the Yellow Pages. ]{.underline}

-   **[Track the Visits to Your Site]{.underline}**

[Log data software is available to record the number of hits your site
receives. In addition, some ISPs provide access logs. You can ask
visitors to your site to complete a questionnaire or to provide input as
to your product or services.]{.underline}

-   **[Keep Your Site ]{.underline}[Current]{.underline}**

[No one likes outdated information. Make sure your site is
updated.]{.underline}
