**CLICKABLE SOFTWARE LICENSE NOTICE**

All users and parties accessing this web site are hereby notified that
any and all software that is made available to download from through
this web site (\"Software\") is the copyrighted work of the applicable
vendor of such Software and that all other contents of this Web Page
("Content") is the copyrighted work of the owner and operator of this
web site. The owner of this Web Site, and the vendor of the Software
assert all copyrights and other proprietary rights in and to such items.
Use of any Software that is downloaded by accessing this web site is
governed by and subject to the terms of any license agreement which
accompanies or is included with the Software (\"License Agreement\").
Any party downloading any Software by access to this web site will not
be able to use or install any Software that is accompanied by or
includes a License Agreement, unless such party acknowledges the terms
of the applicable License Agreement and agrees to all terms and
conditions of the applicable License Agreement terms.

You should assume and are hereby notified that claims of copyright are
applicable to all items contained on this web page or available for
download through this web page. You should not assume that any item
available on or through this web page is in the public domain or
constitutes "free ware."

The Software may be downloaded through this web site only for the use of
the user and only in compliance with all terms, conditions, and
limitations contained in the applicable License Agreement. Any, use,
adaptation, modification, publication, reproduction, redistribution or
any other action that is in violation of the copyright owner's exclusive
rights under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act and which is beyond the scope
of the rights granted in the applicable License Agreement will
constitute an infringement upon the rights of the vendor's copyright and
is punishable under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act.

THE VENDORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO
SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD BY ACCESSING THIS PAGE EXCEPT FOR SPECIFIC WARRANTIES
THAT ARE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE TERMS OF THE APPLICABLE LICENSE
AGREEMENT. EACH APPLICABLE VENDOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND OWNERSHIP
OF THE SOFTWARE AND NONINFRINGMENT UPON THE RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER PARTY.

THE OWNER OF THIS WEB SITE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL RESPONSIBILITY
OR OBLIGATION FOR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO INFRINGEMENT OR CLAIM OF INFRINGEMENT UPON THE RIGHTS
OF ANY OTHER PARTY, ANY ERRORS, VIRUSES OR FUNCTIONING OF ANY SOFTWARE
DOWNLOADED THROUGH THIS SITE, AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS, SUITS, THREATS AND
DEMANDS RELATIVE TO ANY SUCH SOFTWARE.

IN THE EVENT THAT YOU CLAIM THAT ANY SOFTWARE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEB
SITE INFRINGES UPON ANY \[COUNTRY\] COPYRIGHT, YOU ARE HEREBY DIRECTED
TO THE AREA ON THE WEB SITE THAT CONTAINS NOTICES AND OTHER INFORMATION
REGARDING SUCH MATTERS AND THE DIGITAL MILLINIEUN COPYRIGHT ACT.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND FOR GOVERNMENTAL USE.

No permission is granted to use any documents, graphics, software or any
other item included in or available through this web page unless a
specific License Agreement accompanies such item. The owner of this web
site and all vendors assert all copyrights and proprietary rights in and
to materials available through this web site regardless of whether such
materials include a notice of copyright.
