**[WEB SITE LEGAL NOTICE]{.underline}**

[© Copyright Envision Corporation. 2002. All rights reserved.
Reproduction, adaptation, or translation without permission is
prohibited except as allowed under the International copyright laws. All
the text, graphics, design, content, and other works are the copyrighted
works of Envision Corporation.]{.underline}

**[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE]{.underline}**

[Welcome to the corporate Web site of ENVISION Corporation
(http://www.envision-sbs.com). Use of this site is governed by the Terms
and Conditions set forth. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. The information and materials
provided by ENVISION may be used for informational purposes only. By
using, accessing or downloading materials from this Web site you agree
to follow the terms and provisions as outlined in this legal notice,
which apply to all visits to the ENVISION Web site, both now and in the
future. ENVISION may at anytime revise and update the Terms and
Conditions. You are encouraged to periodically visit this page to review
the most current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound. If you do
not agree to these Terms and Condition of Use, please do not use this
Web site. ]{.underline}

**[RESTRICTIONS]{.underline}**

[You may view, download and copy information and materials available on
this Web site solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You may also
use such material within your organization in connection with the
support of ENVISION\'s products. As a condition of use, you agree not to
modify or revise any of the material in any manner, and to retain all
copyright and other proprietary notices as contained in the original
materials on any copies of the materials. No other use of the materials
or information is authorized. Any violation of the foregoing may result
in civil and/or criminal liabilities. ]{.underline}

**[OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION AND MATERIALS]{.underline}**

[The information and any materials (including white papers, press
releases, data sheets, product descriptions, and FAQs) available on or
from this Web site are the copyrighted works of ENVISION, and any
unauthorized use of that information or materials may violate copyright,
trademark and other laws. ]{.underline}

[Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. ]{.underline}

**[TRADEMARK INFORMATION]{.underline}**

[ENVISION\'s trademarks may be used only with written permission from
ENVISION Corporation. ENVISION, BUSINESS-IN-A-BOX, and PR SUBMITTER are
registered trademarks or trademarks of ENVISION COPORATION. All other
trademarks, brands, and names are the property of their respective
owners. Except as expressly specified in these terms and legal
restrictions, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring
by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any
patent, trademark, copyright or any proprietary rights of ENVISION or
any third party. ]{.underline}

**[LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES]{.underline}**

[As a convenience and to make the ENVISION Web site truly service
oriented we have included links to complementary sites on the Internet.
These sites are owned and operated by third parties. ENVISION makes no
representation and is not responsible for the availability of, or
content located on or through, these third party sites. A third party
link from the ENVISION Web site is not an indication that ENVISION
endorses the third party or its site, or has any affiliation with or
between ENVISION and the third party hosting site. ]{.underline}

**[FEEDBACK ]{.underline}**

[All comments, feedback, information or materials submitted to ENVISION
through or in association with this Web site shall be considered
non-confidential and ENVISION\'s property. By submitting such comments,
information, feedback, or materials to ENVISION, you agree to a
no-charge assignment to ENVISION of worldwide rights to use, copy,
modify, display and distribute the submissions. ENVISION may use such
comments, information or materials in any way it chooses in an
unrestricted basis. ]{.underline}

**[DISCLAIMER ]{.underline}**

[The ENVISION Internet team strives to provide you with useful,
accurate, and timely information on this Web site. Accordingly, ENVISION
has attempted to provide accurate information and materials on this Web
site but assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of
that information or materials. ENVISION may change the content of any
information or materials available at this Web site, or to the products
described in them, at any time without notice. However, ENVISION makes
no commitment to update the information or materials on this Web site
which, as a result, may be out of date. ]{.underline}

[Information and opinions expressed in bulletin boards or other forums
are not necessarily those of ENVISION. Neither ENVISION, nor its
officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, or affiliates are
responsible or liable for any loss damage (including, but not limited
to, actual, consequential, or punitive), liability, claim, or other
injury or cause related to or resulting from any information posted on
ENVISION\'s Web site. ENVISION reserves the right to revise these terms
and/or legal restrictions at any time. You are responsible for reviewing
this page from time to time to ensure compliance with the then-current
terms and legal restrictions because they will be binding on you.
Certain provisions of these terms and legal restrictions may be
superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on
particular pages of this Web site. ]{.underline}

[ALL INFORMATION AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE AT THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED
\"AS IS\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
AND ENVISION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR ARISING
FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. IN NO EVENT SHALL
ENVISION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR
THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS
WEB SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS WEB SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR
INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH WEB SITES, WHETHER BASED ON
WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS
OR INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF.
]{.underline}

**[TERMINATION OF USE]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[ENVISION may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access
to all or part of the ENVISION Web site, including, but not limited to
any bulletin boards on its site, for any reason, including without
limitation, breach of this agreement. In the event this agreement is
terminated, the restrictions regarding materials appearing on the site
and the representations and warranties, indemnities, and limitation of
liabilities set forth in this agreement shall survive any such
termination. ]{.underline}

**[ ]{.underline}[GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] exclusive of its choice of
law principles. The Delaware state courts shall have exclusive
jurisdiction and venue over any dispute arising out of or relating to
this Agreement, and each party hereby consents to the jurisdiction and
venue of such courts. ]{.underline}

**[GENERAL PROVISIONS ]{.underline}**

[If any provision of this agreement is deemed void, unlawful or
otherwise unenforceable for any reason, that provision shall be severed
from this agreement and the remaining provisions of this agreement shall
remain in force. This contains the entire agreement between you and
ENVISION concerning your use of the site, and the agreement shall not be
modified, except in writing, signed by both parties. If you have
questions regarding ENVISION\'s Terms and Conditions, please email: . To
review ENVISION\'s Privacy Policy, click here. ]{.underline}
