**[ONLINE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

1.  **[INTRODUCTION]{.underline}**

[Welcome to the \[NAME OF COMPANY/SERVICE\]! We start every new
subscriber relationship with a contract. The following contract spells
out what you can expect from us, and what we expect from you. If you
agree to what you read below, you should click \"Yes\" at the end of the
contract to acknowledge that you have agreed. We intend this to be the
legal equivalent of your signature on a written contract, and equally
binding. Only by clicking "Yes" will you be able to access and use the
services available on this Web Site. ]{.underline}

1.  **[ACCESS AND SERVICES]{.underline}**

[Your access to the various services available on this system depends on
the level of access you select. You may change or discontinue your
account at any time. We reserve the right to modify, suspend or
terminate access to the service on our system at any time for any reason
without notice or refund, including the right to require you to change
your login identification code or password. We also reserve the right to
delete all program and data files associated with your account and/or
other information you have on our system.]{.underline}

1.  **[FEES AND PAYMENT]{.underline}**

[We will charge you a standard monthly fee for using our system as well
as additional fees depending on the type of service you have selected.
You should review the complete and current price list before signing up
for any services. \[INSERT PRICE LIST\]. You will be given the
opportunity to pay by credit card or by check when you sign up. You can
cancel your account at any time, but you will remain liable for all
charges accrued up to that time, including full monthly charges for the
month for which you discontinued service. We reserve the right to change
our fees at any time for any reason, but, whenever possible, we will
give you at least one month\'s advance notice of such
change.]{.underline}

1.  **[SYSTEM RULES]{.underline}**

[You agree to be bound by certain rules which are important for the
proper use of this service. Your failure to follow these rules, whether
listed below in the contract or in bulletins posted at various points in
the system, may result in termination of your service. First, do not
tell others your password or let your account be used by anyone except
yourself. Second, do not attempt to log in more than once at the same
time on any given account without specific permission of one of our
operators. Third, while you should feel free to express yourself, you
should respect other users of the system and not do anything to attack
or injure others. Fourth, do not use our system to commit a crime, or to
plan, encourage or help others commit a crime, including crimes relating
to computers.]{.underline}

1.  **[PRIVACY CONSIDERATIONS]{.underline}**

[Your communications on this system are, in most cases, viewed only by
you and anyone to whom you address your message. However, as system
operators, we may need to review or monitor your electronic mail and
other communications from time to time. In addition, we reserve the
right to copy and distribute to third parties any information associated
with your activities on the system. Therefore, you should not expect to
have a right to privacy in any of your communications.]{.underline}

1.  **[PROPRIETARY RIGHTS]{.underline}**

[By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in
any form of communication on our system, you are hereby granting to the
public an unrestricted license to use, copy, modify, adapt or document
in any form any communications, information or any underlying work in
which you may possess proprietary rights, including but not limited to
copyright rights. All users of the system are therefore deemed to have
disclaimed or waived all copyright ownership rights in their messages or
files, even if they contain copyright notices. You shall have absolutely
no recourse against us as the system provider for any alleged or actual
infringement of any proprietary rights to which you may claim
ownership.]{.underline}

[Your use of our system affords you access to many of the features of
our system, but some aspects of our system remain within our exclusive
proprietary control. We or our suppliers own the intellectual property
rights to any and all protectable components of our system, including
but not limited to the computer software, the related documentation, the
end-user interfaces, the name of our system, many of the individual
features, and the collective works consisting of sequences of all public
messages on our system. You may not reproduce any sequence of messages
from our system, either electronically or in print, without our
permission. In addition; you may not copy, modify, adapt, reproduce,
translate, distribute, reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble any
aspect of the system which we or our suppliers own.]{.underline}

1.  **[LIMITATION OF LIABILITY]{.underline}**

[You must bear the risk of any liability relating to your use of our
system. We would not be able to afford to operate this system if we were
held accountable for every wrongful action by every Online subscriber.
ACCORDINGLY, YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE SYSTEM IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR SOLE
RISK. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY
DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES
YOU MAY INCUR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SYSTEM, YOUR USE THEREOF OR ANY OF
THE DATA OR OTHER MATERIALS TRANSMITTED THROUGH OR RESIDING ON OUR
SYSTEM, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF
ACTION, EVEN IF WE HAVE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR
LOSS.]{.underline}

1.  **[INDEMNITY]{.underline}**

[You shall defend and indemnify us and hold us harmless from and against
any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses,
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees), relating to
any acts by you or materials or information transmitted by you in
connection with our system, leading wholly or partially to claims
against us or our system by other subscribers or third parties,
regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of
action.]{.underline}

1.  **[DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY]{.underline}**

[THE SYSTEM IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\" AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR
PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION,
GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC
FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY
INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN OR PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE.]{.underline}

1.  **[CHOICE OF LAW]{.underline}**

[You agree that this Agreement shall for all purposes be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], and
that any action arising out of this Agreement shall be litigated and
enforced under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. In addition, you
agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], and that any legal action pursued by you shall be
within the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[ACKNOWLEDGMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement represents the entire understanding between you and us
regarding your relationship to Online and supersedes any prior
statements or representations. IF YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF
THIS ONLINE SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT, please click the \"Yes\" button below.
If you do not agree to the terms of the Subscriber Agreement, please
click the "No" button to log off the system.]{.underline}
