**ONLINE CONTRACT**

[The following is the terms of the agreement between \[NAME OF COMPANY\]
("Company") and the buyer ("Buyer") of goods or services through the
Company's Web site (the "Site"). If you do not agree to these terms, you
will not be able to purchase anything, so please review these terms
carefully:]{.underline}

**1. [INTRODUCTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Buyer agrees to the terms and conditions outlined in this Online
Contract (\"Contract\") with respect to the goods, services and
information provided by or through the Site. This Contract constitutes
the entire and only agreement between the Company and Buyer, and
supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements,
representations, warranties, and understandings with respect to the
goods, services and information provided by or through the Site, and the
subject matter of this Contract. Buyer agrees to review this Contract
prior to purchasing anything and purchase of a good or service shall be
deemed acceptance of this Contract.]{.underline}

**2. [SETUP AND PAYMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Buyer represents and warrants that (i) the credit card information
supplied is true, correct and complete and (ii) charges incurred by the
Buyer will be honored by the Buyer\'s credit card company and
(iii) Buyer shall pay charges incurred by Buyer at the amounts in effect
at the time incurred, including all applicable taxes. Buyer shall be
responsible for all charges incurred through use of Buyer\'s password.
Buyer agrees to keep his or her password confidential and to notify
Company within 24 hours of any breach of this Contract or unauthorized
use of the password. Company does not protect Buyer from unauthorized
use of Buyer\'s password.]{.underline}

**3. [COPYRIGHT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The content, organization, gathering, compilation, magnetic
translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site
are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks, and other
proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights,
and, the copying, redistribution, use or publication by a Buyer of any
such content or any part of the Site is prohibited.]{.underline}

**4. [EDITING, DELETING, AND MODIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to edit or delete any
information or content appearing on the Site and to remove any goods and
services for sale. Upon notice published over the Service, Company may
modify this Contract, or prices, and may discontinue or revise any or
all aspects of the Site in its sole discretion and without prior notice.
Modification of this Contract will be deemed effective upon publication
on the Site with respect to transactions occurring after said
date.]{.underline}

**5. [RIGHT TO REFUSE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse service at
any time. Sale of any goods or services is subject to
availability.]{.underline}

6\. **[INDEMNIFICATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Buyer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Company and its affiliates,
licensors and suppliers harmless from any liability, loss, claim and
expense, including reasonable attorney\'s fees, related to a Buyer\'s
violation of this Contract or use of the Site.]{.underline}

**7. [NON-TRANSFERABLE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Buyer\'s right to use the Service is not transferable and is subject to
any limits established by Company or by Buyer\'s credit card
company.]{.underline}

**8. [DISCLAIMER]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[THE SERVICE, CONTENT, GOODS AND SERVICES FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE
ARE PROVIDED \"AS-IS,\" \"AS AVAILABLE,\" AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER OF
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE). THE SOLE AND ENTIRE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF COMPANY, FOR ANY
REASON, AND BUYER\'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER,
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE CUSTOMER FOR THE PARTICULAR
ITEMS PURCHASED. COMPANY AND ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, DEALERS OR SUPPLIERS
ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS,
LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF
WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATIONS OF
DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE
BARGAIN BETWEEN COMPANY AND BUYER. THIS SITE AND GOODS AND SERVICES
WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. SOME STATE STATUTES MAY
APPLY REGARDING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.]{.underline}

**9. [REFUND POLICY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[If a product purchased is defective or not to Buyer's satisfaction,
Buyer can return the product in its original condition within \[NUMBER\]
days of receipt, to the following address: \[FULL ADDRESS\]. In such
event, Company shall provide Buyer a credit for other purchases from the
Site (less shipping and handling charges incurred). This Section 9 sets
forth Buyer's sole and exclusive right to refund.]{.underline}

**10. [USE OF INFORMATION]{.underline}**

[Company reserves the right, and Buyer authorizes Company, to the use
and assignment of all information regarding Buyer's use of the Site and
all information provided by Buyer, subject to applicable
law.]{.underline}

**11. [GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Contract shall be treated as though it were executed and performed
in \[STATE/PROVINCE, COUNTRY\] and shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE, COUNTRY\] (without regard
to conflict of law principles). Any cause of action of Buyer with
respect to the Site must be instituted within \[NUMBER\] months after
any purchase or be forever waived and barred. All actions shall be
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8. The language in this
Contract shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly
for or against any party. ]{.underline}

**12. [LITIGATION]{.underline}**

[All legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this
Contract shall be brought solely in \[STATE/PROVINCE, COUNTRY\] and
Buyer expressly submits to the jurisdiction of said courts and Buyer
consents to extra-territorial service of process. Should any part of
this Contract be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be
construed consistent with applicable law as nearly as possible to
reflect the original intentions of the parties and the remaining
portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that
anything in or associated with the Site or the Company is in conflict or
inconsistent with this Contract, this Contract shall take precedence.
Failure of Company to enforce any provision of this Contract shall not
be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such
provision.]{.underline}

**13. [ACKNOWLEDGMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement represents the entire understanding between you and us
regarding your relationship to Online and supersedes any prior
statements or representations. IF YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF
THIS ONLINE AGREEMENT, please click the \"I Agree\" button below. If you
do not agree to the terms of the Subscriber Agreement, please click the
"I Don't Agree" button to log off the system.]{.underline}

[If you don't click on "I Agree" then you will not be able to purchase
any goods or services.]{.underline}
