**VIRUS NOTICE**

This Web Site serves as a conduit for information. Certain documents and
programs may be downloaded through this site. THE OWNERS AND OPERATORS
OF THIS SITE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES WHICH MAY BE
PRESENT IN ANY OF THE ITEMS THAT YOU OBTAIN FROM OR THROUGH THIS SITE.

USERS MUST BE CERTAIN AND ARE COMPLETELY RESPONSIBLE FOR PERFORMING
ANTI-VIRUS SCREENING AND VERIFICATION OF ALL FILES OBTAINED ON OR
THROUGH THIS SITE. CURRENTTLY UPDATED ANTI-VIRUS SCREENING SOFTWARE IS
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

The owners of this site will not intentionally or willfully transmit
files that they know to contain viruses. However, this site serves as a
bulletin board repository of files that are uploaded by users. WE DO NOT
TAKE STEPS TO CHECK ANY SUCH FILES FOR VIRUSES. YOU ASSUME COMPLETE
RESPONSIBILITY TO DO SO.

As a user of this Site, you agree to immediately notify us of any files
that you download that you believe contain viruses.

As a condition to any license contained for items obtained by or through
this Site, you will agree to perform virus screening on all such files
prior to using the same.

THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND MADE WITH RESPECT TO FILES
DOWNLOADED FROM OR THROUGHT THIS SITE. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.

Furthermore, the owners and operators of this Site shall not be
responsible for any incidental, consequential or special damages,
whether foreseen or foreseeable, or whether they have been informed of
the possibility thereof and take no actions to prevent the same.

A "VIRUS" is a computer program or a code or portion of a computer
program, which is intentionally created and programmed to cause damage
to, corrupt, hinder, crash, tie up, or otherwise create negative effect
so n the user's computer system. As you know, VIRUSES do occur and are
somewhat prevalent. As such, you, the user must take affirmative steps
to assure that you and your computer system are appropriately protected
against viruses.
