**BUSINESS SELECTION WORKSHEET**

The following worksheet will help you choose the business that's right
for you. It's important that you take the time to evaluate all aspects
very deeply. To fill it out, follow these three steps:

1.  First, list the business ideas you're considering by order of
    interest. In the top left-hand blank space put the idea you think
    you're most interested in. Underneath it put the next idea and so
    forth.

2.  Then, take each idea and rate it in each of the areas. Use the
    following rating system:

Rating 0 - none

1 - below average

2 - average

3 - above average

1.  Finally, total up the numbers. Here are some tips for making sense
    of the numbers and for narrowing your list of business
    possibilities:

-   eliminate any of your ideas that scored less than a total of 10

-   eliminate any idea that did not score at least a 2 in every category

-   eliminate any idea that did not score at least a 3 in the uniqueness
    category

How many ideas are left? If the answer is "none," then you need to use
to identify where you need to improve and you need to develop a strategy
for raising the "1's" to "2's" or "3's." If the answer is "more than
one," you have a pleasant dilemma. If the answer is "one," you may have
just found the business that's perfect for you.

**YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF THE BUSINESS**

How much do you know about the area? Will you have to spend extra time
and money teaching yourself the business? Will you have to take on a
partner because you don't know the business well enough?

Rating: 0 - No knowledge of the business

1 - Some indirect knowledge of the business

2 - Limited knowledge

3 - Working knowledge

**YOUR EXPERIENCE IN THE FIELD**

In some cases, you may have a lot of knowledge about the subject, but
not much experience. Have you ever worked in this type of business
before? To what extent is experience crucial to the business?

Rating:** ** 0 - No experience;

1 - Indirect experience;

2 - Limited experience;

3 - Familiar with the business.

**YOUR SKILLS**

Ignore, for now, those skills that might be common to each of your
ideas, and try to concentrate on skills that are unique to that specific
idea. To what extent do you possess those skills? If you lack them, how
difficult will it be to acquire them?

Rating: 0 - None;

1 - Limited skills;

2 - Some skills;

3 - Extensive skills.

**EASE OF ENTRY**

Think both of the costs of entering the business and of the competitive
barriers that might exist. For example, a service business that you can
run from your home might be relatively inexpensive to start, but if
several others are already providing that service, entry in the field
may be difficult.

Rating: 0 - Crowded field, very difficult to enter;

1 - Limited entry available;

2 - Mix of large and small competitors;

3 - virtually unrestricted entry for any size business.

**UNIQUENESS**

Uniqueness does not necessarily mean that literally no one else is
providing the same product or service; it can mean that no one else is
providing the product or service in the same way you intend to provide
it, or it can mean that no one else is providing that product or service
in your area. You're looking for some way to distinguish your product or
service from others who are already in business.

Rating: 0 - Your product or service widely available;

1 - A few to several others offering your product or service;

2 - Only one or two others;

3 - No others providing your product or service.

  ------------------- -------------------- --------------------- ----------------- ------------------- ---------------- -----------
  **Business idea**   **Your knowledge**   **Your experience**   **Your skills**   **Ease of entry**   **Uniqueness**   **Total**
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
  ------------------- -------------------- --------------------- ----------------- ------------------- ---------------- -----------
