Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, to Credit Card/Bank

Credit Card or Bank Account Number:

Name on Account

Name on Supplier Agreement:

Agreement Number, if any:

Date:

Dear Sir or Madam:

Please note the enclosed letter of cancellation of services to the
supplier in my letter. P

Please cancel the automatic charge to my credit card or debit to my bank
account effective immediately. Please check this carefully and send me
confirmation of your actions so we both know it has been completed.

We appreciate your continued good service on our account and know you
will act as promptly as you can, as you have in the past.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Writer

Enc. Cancellation Letter to Supplier

cc Supplier Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, to Credit
Card/Bank

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Cancellations should be done
by letter promptly. Be sure to send this to your credit card or Bank
Company promptly because they are guided by paperwork, not phone calls.
An initial phone call may be used to initiate paperwork. However, in our
experience, sending the initial paperwork first helps get the
transaction done more effectively by dealing by mail or fax.

Include a copy of this letter with your notice of cancellation to the
supplier. If your initial charges were made to a credit card, you stand
a better chance of getting that charge reversed by the supplier if they
know you have taken this initial step. If you want to get the charge
reversed later, because you have trouble with the supplier, this initial
contact with the complete information, will expedite the process and
increase the odds in the final result being in your favor.

Credit Card companies and Banks are not especially prompt at
implementing these cancellations nor are suppliers very prompt in
ceasing to do these activities. So, you must carefully inspect incoming
Credit Card and Bank statements to be sure these chargeback activities
have ceased. This is especially a problem with Banks than have gone
through recent mergers and/or consolidations. It took me, for example, 5
months to eliminate a wrongful debit from a health club to our Bank. The
health club, in good faith tried to put the transfer correction through,
as did the Bank; neither succeeded for 5 months.

1.  A housekeeping suggestion is to keep a record of your subscriptions
    and memberships in a separate file area. You do not necessarily need
    separate folders for small issues. However, it is helpful in the
    long run if you have one or more disputes or cancellations you are
    trying to effect. As Lenin once said, "Sometimes you have to take
    one step backwards to go two steps forward." Filing is like that!

2\. Organizations are strongly influenced by the appearance of your
documents as we have said in other areas of this Guide. Clearly typed
letters accompanied by copies of original documents tend to influence
them strongly in your favor to give you what you want since organized
people, as they know, are more apt to be persistent. Be guided
accordingly in your collecting data to accompany cancellations and other
communications, as well as in your setting up file procedures. Tip on
setting up these files: Don't overextend yourself and try to reconstruct
data from the past. Just start with new items and collect that
information going forward. You can add copies of Credit Card or Bank
statements showing the transmittal data to these files, even if you
don't have the original paperwork. Be guided by the idea that some
organization is better than none, and that within a few years you should
have most of it in order.
