Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, to Supplier

Name on Agreement:

Agreement Number, if any:

Date of Expiration:

Date:

Dear Sir or Madam:

Please cancel my \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Membership or
Subscription) effective immediately. Please be sure to cancel any debits
or other automatic charges to any of my accounts. Please check this
carefully and send me confirmation of your actions so we both know it
has been completed.

Please refund the full amount of my remaining balance.

Please contact me immediately if you have any questions or need more
information.

Thank you for your prompt cooperation in this matter.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Writer

Enc. (if you have them)

cc Credit Card or Bank Cancellation of Membership, Subscription, or
Other Such Item

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Cancellations should be done
by letter promptly. You should always request refunds, even if you
suspect you do not qualify for one. You may get a surprise check in the
mail! Be sure your letter to the credit card or Bank company accompanies
this correspondence to the supplier. It will increase your chances of
getting both parties to take proper and prompt action in your favor.

Especially important: be sure any automatic debits to your bank account
or charges to your credit card are canceled. To implement this
effectively, and set up the proper procedure for your family, always
include a copy to the Credit Card Company or Bank of this Cancellation
of Membership, Subscription, to Supplier, with a notice to the Credit
Card or Bank, to terminate automatic charges.

Credit Card companies and Banks are not especially prompt at
implementing these cancellations nor are suppliers very prompt in
ceasing to do these activities. So, you must carefully inspect incoming
Credit Card and Bank statements to be sure these chargeback activities
have ceased. This is especially a problem with Banks than have gone
through recent mergers and/or consolidations. It took me, for example, 5
months to eliminate a wrongful debit from a health club to our Bank. The
health club, in good faith tried to put the transfer correction through,
as did the Bank; neither succeeded for 5 months.

1.  A housekeeping suggestion is to keep a record of your subscriptions
    and memberships in a separate file area. You do not necessarily need
    separate folders for small issues. However, it is helpful in the
    long run if you have one or more disputes or cancellations you are
    trying to effect. As Lenin once said, "Sometimes you have to take
    one step backwards to go two steps forward." Filing is like that!

2\. Organizations are strongly influenced by the appearance of your
documents as we have said in other areas of this Guide. Clearly typed
letters accompanied by copies of original documents tend to influence
them strongly in your favor to give you what you want since organized
people, as they know, are more apt to be persistent. Be guided
accordingly in your collecting data to accompany cancellations and other
communications, as well as in your setting up file procedures. Tip on
setting up these files: Don't overextend yourself and try to reconstruct
data from the past. Just start with new items and collect that
information going forward. You can add copies of Credit Card or Bank
statements showing the transmittal data to these files, even if you
don't have the original paperwork. Be guided by the idea that some
organization is better than none, and that within a few years you should
have most of it in order.
