Credit Denial, Request for Clarification-Credit Reports

Date:

Name of Creditor Denying Credit:

Address of Creditor Denying Credit:

File Number, if any:

Dear Sir or Madam: Reference: [Application for Credit
Rejected]{.underline}

My request for credit was denied by your firm, or because of your firm's
recommendations and reports, per the information listed above.

In accordance with the provisions of the [Federal Fair Credit Reporting
Act]{.underline}*, *I hereby request the following, as I am entitled to,
under this Statute and other related regulations:

1\. Full and complete disclosure by you of all reasons for the denial of
credit by your firm.

2\. Specifics of the information upon which the denial of credit was
based; and

3\. The name, address, and any other useful contact information of the
credit reporting agency or agencies which provided you with the
information upon which you based your reason for denying me credit.

Thank you for your prompt assistance in this matter so I can work
diligently to be sure the records are accurate and help me become a
better credit risk in the future.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Creditor denied credit

Enc. Credit Rejection Letter

Credit Denial, Request for Clarification-Credit Reports

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Once again, an organized
approach is the best way to get the best results. You can call creditors
and make similar requests. However, transcription errors and such tend
to cut down the proper responses to less than you would like. Better to
send a formal letter, making copies, so you have a set of documents to
follow up with if second or third notices are required. If this becomes
necessary, we recommend you just make that notation on the copy of the
first letter. This makes a bigger impression. Firm, clear, and to the
point.

This is a sales letter. You are trying to influence the recipient to
respond to your letter promptly. Being nice helps in that regard as well
as reflecting well upon you. Attaching the credit turn down letter
prevents delay caused by them having to request a copy and encourages
them to respond promptly to this organized request.

Be sure the party turned down signs the letter. A spouse or other family
member signature will not be sufficient. The writer should sign exactly
as his or her name appears on the credit rejection letter (for example,
using or deleting middle initials as done in the letter). Keep a copy
until at least you receive a response from the recipient.

[Three Major US Credit Reporting Agencies]{.underline}

Equifax

P.O. Box 740256

Atlanta, GA 30374-0256

800-685-1111

Trans Union Corporation

P.O. Box 34012

Fullerton, CA 92634-4012

714-738-3800

TRW - NCAC

P.O. Box 2106

Allen, TX 75002-2106

800-422-4879
