Reservation Letter

Date:

Dear Sir or Madam:

Please reserve a \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ for me on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date).

Please charge my credit card for the initial deposit required:

Credit Card Number:

Exact Name on Card:

Expiration Date:

Please give me any discounts my early reservation permits to be granted.
If there are other options that might be of benefit, please let me know
them as soon as possible.

Thank you for your prompt assistance and please confirm receipt of this
letter and implementation of my request.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Writer

Reservation Letter

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Reservation letters can be
powerful tools to get better service and results from the provider on
the other end.

Direct reservations to the other party often saves them fees, as they
often must pay to an 800 service or a third party's website. This is a
subtle but important way to save money. Many individual hotel owners,
for example, must pay higher management fees to the umbrella
organization, such as Marriott or Holiday Inn, if they take a
reservation through their 800 service as opposed to direct contact. This
circumstance means you can often negotiate better rates on a direct to
individual hotel basis or, at a minimum, get an upgraded room for their
cost savings.

The more information you have to make a more specific request, the
better chance of getting what you want. This includes such things as
size of room, number of beds, view, and other amenities. You can request
extra services like towels, toilet articles, and a free breakfast. The
worst that will happen is you won't get it. The best is you get all or
some of it.

For faster turnaround time, provide an email or fax number for return
correspondence. Fax is nice because you have original documents. Email
is usually faster, though.

[Final tip]{.underline}: If you think the correspondence will have a few
"back and forths," use the email format because this won't be as
burdensome for them. If you don't have their email address, request it
in this first letter to them.
