Service Complaint, Adjustment Request

August 18, 2001

Dear Sir or Madam:

This letter is being written to you to seek your help in correcting a
service problem we had with your firm. Your firm has a good reputation
for service so we are sending this letter to you in hopes you will
continue that tradition by making an adjustment to our bill.

Your firm was paid \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_ on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date). We
contacted you to get an adjustment because:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

The most appropriate resolution for this problem, we believe, is for you
to refund the full cost of the service.

Please send us your check for the above amount by return mail or let us
hear from you regarding another suggested resolution of our problem that
you may have.

Thank you in advance for your prompt attempt to resolve our mutual
problem and your expected timely response to my letter.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Writer

Enc. (Any pertinent documents you have)

Service Complaint, Adjustment Request

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Service complaints that
gently but firmly state their case receive the best responses from these
kinds of firms. These firms receive lots of these letters and have
learned, over time, which clearly stated complaints, conveyed with an
unemotional and non-accusatory tone, tend to be the most accurate and
deserving of a conciliatory response. In addition, on a perfectly human
basis, people would rather respond to reasonable polite complaint rather
than an emotional and seemingly unreasonable one.

Therefore, we believe the best initial approach is a letter that
provides the recipient time to reflect upon it without taking a fast
defensive tone, which phone calls tend to elicit. The quick "no." on the
phone, is often just a preliminary attempt by the recipient of the call,
in this case a Service provider, to stop an "attack," as they perceive
it. However, though many recipients of these phone calls change their
tactics as the phone call progresses, a letter sent to them prevents
their need to give a quick "no" defensively. It lets them review the
document at their own leisure and respond accordingly.

1\. Use your one chance to make a first impression by being supportive
and reasonable, as this Service Complaint letter does.

2.  Offer the Service provider a clear solution that they can say "yes"
    to immediately. Don't leave it open ended.

3\. Be courteous and even-tempered in all such dealings. One reason for
writing is you avoid the pitfall of getting upset and getting into an
argument. Written correspondence keeps matters on an even keel as well
as maintaining your control over the process. In fact, we suggest you
avoid phone calls to avoid spinning off on a tangent and watching your
refund opportunity vanish in that process.
