**CHECKLIST**

### SAMPLE PROPOSAL FORMAT FOR RESPONDING TO RFP\'S

There's a lot of experienced business people that are still asking their
selves about what their response is supposed to look like when they
receive a request for proposals (RFP). Here is a proposal template
format that you can use to respond to RFPs. The content changes each
time based on what the RFP requires so you can fill in that part after
figuring out how you will solve the client\'s requirements:

-   **Background **

Briefly go over their general requirements. Example: ABC Company would
like a local area network installed to connect all of the computers in
their office to share disk space and printers and automatically do tape
backups.

-   **Scope **

Discuss in detail each item in the RFP and how you intend to tackle it.
Use diagrams to illustrate your configuration. This will be the longest
section of your proposal and will probably have several subsections.

-   **Schedule **

When do you anticipate starting? How long will each task take? Make a
table of your expected schedule for completing the project.

-   **Staff **

This is an optional section. Some firms like to see who will be working
on the project. This is more important for government projects. Put the
resumes here.

-   **Cost **

Breakdown the cost by equipment and personnel time to come up with your
expected budget. Include payment terms, discounts for early payment, and
other cost or payment information.

-   **Supporting Information **

Add any supporting info here (for example, if you\'re trying to convince
them to use a specific type of networking technology, back up your
reasoning here with third-party quotes, research, test results, etc.).
You can also add information about similar projects you have completed
for other firms and what the results were of those. Include testimonials
from clients, clippings from news papers, etc.
