**JOB APPLICANT INTERVIEW SCRIPT**

1.  **INTRODUCTION**

When the applicant arrives, put him or her at ease using a friendly,
businesslike attitude. Let the applicant know that you\'re glad that
they\'ve come and that you have set aside sufficient uninterrupted time
to conduct the interview. You can start the interview with chatter about
hobbies, interests, etc., if you are comfortable doing so and are
confident that you can stay away from personal questions that might be
considered discriminatory. Or you can simply ask one of the following
questions:

-   \"How did you happen to become interested in our organization?\"

-   \"How did you hear of the opening?\"

-   Depending on the response, you can work in an overview of what you
    have planned.

\"Before we start, let me give you some idea of what I\'d like to cover
today. I want to review your background and experience so that I can
decide whether the job is suited to your talents and interests. So, I\'d
like to hear about your job, education, interests, outside activities,
and anything else you\'d like to tell me. And after we have covered your
background, I want to give you information about our organization and
the job, and answer any questions that you might have.\"

1.  **WORK EXPERIENCE**

A discussion of work experience should vary widely based, in part, on
how long the applicant has been employed. Questions appropriate to a
recent high school or college graduate will make little sense when
interviewing a professional with 15 years of experience. For an
applicant with substantial experience, a reasonable starting point would
be a discussion of the most recent position. In addition to focusing on
the jobs themselves, it might also be helpful to discuss why the
applicant has changed jobs in the past, the duration of each prior
employment, chronological gaps in employment, etc. The following script
would be appropriate when interviewing someone who has not been working
long.

-   \"A good place to start would be your work experience.\"

-   \"I\'m interested in the jobs you\'ve held, what your duties and
    responsibilities were, your likes and dislikes, and what you felt
    you may have gained from them.\"

-   \"Let\'s start with a brief review of your first work experiences,
    those you might have had part-time during school or during the
    summer, and then we\'ll concentrate on your more recent jobs in more
    detail.\"

-   \"What do you remember about your very first job?\"

Select specific follow-up questions for each job and move forward
chronologically. It\'s been suggested that you move forward
chronologically because there\'s a more natural conversational flow and
you can see patterns of behavior emerge. Your follow-up questions should
ask for specific examples of behavior, not general or hypothetical
responses.

Ask specific, clear questions one at a time and let the applicant answer
uninterrupted. Resist filling in every lull in the conversation; wait to
see if the applicant will do so. Avoid either verbally or physically
giving the applicant a clue as to how you regard their answers; remain
neutral.

To draw the applicant out without revealing what you\'re thinking, try
using his or her own words. If the candidate says, \"I like to work
independently**,**\" you could respond with \"Independently?\" Of
course, you could also use the opportunity to ask the applicant to give
an example of what he or she did working independently.

After you have covered the applicant\'s work experience, you could move
on to education.

1.  **EDUCATION**

As in the case of the work experience portion of the interview, the
education discussion must be tailored to suit the applicant\'s
educational level. The sample interview that follows would be
appropriate for a younger applicant who has not been out of high school
for any length of time. When interviewing for a professional position,
the focus would shift to the professional education.

-   \"You\'ve given me a good review of your work experience -- now
    let\'s talk about your education. Why don\'t we start with high
    school briefly and then cover more recent schooling and any
    specialized on the job training you may have had. I\'m interested in
    the subjects you preferred, your grades, extracurricular activities,
    and anything else of importance.\"

-   \"What was high school like for you?\"

Select specific follow-up questions for each educational experience and
move forward chronologically. Don\'t necessarily accept answers at face
value. Chronology reveals patterns. Take the information and patterns of
behavior that you\'re being told and analyze them in terms of the
performance skills you determined that you needed before the interview
began.

1.  **ACTIVITIES AND INTERESTS**

\"Turning to the present, I\'d like to give you the opportunity to
mention some of your interests and activities outside of work---hobbies,
what you do for fun and relaxation, any community activities,
professional associations, or anything else you\'d like to mention that
you think might be relevant to our job. What would you like to
mention?\"

Select specific follow-up questions.

Show interest and attention, as well as respect for the applicant.
Don\'t talk down. Do use an appropriate language level.

1.  **SELF-ASSESSMENT**

Select specific follow-up questions as needed.

-   \"You\'ve given me some real assets, and now I\'d like to hear about
    areas you\'d like to develop further---all of us have qualities
    we\'d like to change or improve. What are some of yours?\"

1.  **TRANSITION TO INFORMATION-GIVING PHASE**

If you are still interested in the applicant, proceed to this phase of
the interview. On the other hand, if you have already decided that the
applicant isn\'t suitable, there isn\'t much point in describing a
position that the applicant won\'t be filling.

-   \"You\'ve given me a good review of your background and experience,
    and I have enjoyed talking with you. Before we turn to my review of
    our organization, and the job, is there anything else about your
    background you would like to cover?\"

-   \"Do you have any specific questions or concerns before I give you
    information about the job and the opportunities here?\"

All right, now I have some information I\'d like to give you.\" Review
the organization, the job, benefits, location, etc. Tailor your
presentation as appropriate to your interest in the candidate.

1.  **CLOSING**

Close the interview graciously. If you have already decided not to offer
the applicant a job, you can let them know at this point. Do so
cordially and uncritically; you needn\'t be specific about why you\'ve
rejected the candidate.

-   \"Do you have any other questions about us, the job, or anything
    else?\"

-   \"I\'ve enjoyed talking with you today, but we won\'t be able to
    offer you this position.\"

If you think that you would consider the applicant for another position
in the future, say so. You\'ve already spent the time on an interview.

If pressed for a reason why an applicant won\'t be offered a job, you
always have the option of telling the applicant that you do not discuss
the reasons for your hiring decisions. Or, you may explain that, for
example, you have already interviewed other, more qualified applicants.
Use your judgment, realizing that it can create a very awkward situation
if you merely tell an applicant that he or she is \"unqualified\" or
\"lacking experience.\" Be honest, but don\'t be confrontational.

-   If you\'ve found a promising candidate, you can continue.

-   \"What is your level of interest in us at this point?\"

-   Explore any doubts or reservations the applicant might have. \"Let
    me review what the next steps are.\"

-   Let the applicant know what\'s likely to happen next, whether
    another interview will be needed, and how long it will be before a
    decision is made.

-   Finish by thanking the participant: \"I want to thank you for coming
    today\....\"
