**QUITCLAIM DEED**

This Quitclaim Deed (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[FIRST PARTY NAME\]** (the \"First Party\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND PARTY NAME\]** (the \"Second Party\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

WITNESSETH, That the said First Party on behalf of himself, his heirs,
executors, administrators, successors, representatives and assigns, for
good consideration and for the sum of \[AMOUNT\] cash

in hand paid at or before delivery of this document by the said Second
Party, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does hereby remise,
release and quitclaim unto the said Second Party forever, all the right,
title, interest and claim which the said First Party has in and to the
following described parcel of land, and improvements and appurtenances
thereto in the City of \[CITY\], State/Province of \[STATE/PROVINCE\],
to wit:

\[DESCRIBE\]

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the said tract of land, with all singular the
rights, members and appurtenances thereof, so that neither First Party
nor any other person claiming under him shall at any time claim or

demand any right, title or interest to tthe said tract of land or its
appurtenances.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The said first party has signed and sealed these
presents the day and year first above written.

Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of:

Witness First Party

Witness Second Party

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

In the City of \[CITY\], in the State/Province of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]

\
On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME\], personally appeared \[FIRST PARTY
NAME\], personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.\
\
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Signature\
\
Affiant \_\_\_\_Known \_\_\_\_Unknown

ID Produced\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
(Seal)
