# Beta Test Agreement

This Beta Test Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective this
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date)

by and between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Developer\")
and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(\"Recipient\").

Developer is the owner of a prototype product identified as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Product\") that it desires to
have tested by a prospective user in what is commonly referred to as a
\"Beta Test\".

The Product contains valuable, confidential, trade secret information
owned by Developer.

The Recipient desires to test and evaluate the Product\'s suitability
for use in its business.

Therefore, in consideration of the promises set forth herein, the
parties agree as follows:

1\. [Arrangement]{.underline}.

Developer agrees to provide to the Recipient the Product, and Recipient
accepts the Product, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Recipient
agrees to test and evaluate the Product as provided herein, report to
Developer with respect to the usefulness and functionality of Product,
and return the Product to Developer at the conclusion of the Beta Test,
all pursuant to this Agreement.

2\. [Non-Disclosure]{.underline}.

A. Recipient acknowledges and agrees that in providing the Product,
Developer may disclose to Recipient certain confidential, proprietary
trade secret information of Developer (the \"Confidential
Information\"). Confidential Information may include, but is not limited
to, the Product, computer programs, flowcharts, diagrams, manuals,
schematics, development tools, specifications, design documents,
marketing information, financial information, and business plans. During
this Agreement and for a period of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_thereafter, Recipient
agrees that it will not, without the express prior written consent of
Developer, disclose any Confidential Information or any part thereof to
any third party, except to the extent that such Confidential
Information: a) is or becomes generally available to the public through
no fault of Recipient; b) is rightfully received by Recipient from a
third party without limitation as to its use; or c) is independently
developed by Recipient. At the termination of this Agreement, Recipient
will return the Product and all other Confidential Information to
Developer.

B. Recipient also agrees that it shall not duplicate, translate, modify,
copy, printout, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise
tamper with the Product or any firmware, circuit board or software
provided therewith.

3\. [License]{.underline}.

Recipient acknowledges that Recipients shall have only a limited,
non-exclusive, nontransferable license to use the Product for a period
not to exceed \_\_\_\_ days. Recipient acknowledges and agrees that it
will not use the Product for any purpose that is illegal. Because the
Product is a \"Beta Test\" version only and is not error or bug free,
Recipient agrees that it will use the Product carefully and will not use
it in any way that might result in any loss of its or any third party\'s
property or information.

4\. [Report]{.underline}.

Recipient shall report to Developer, as soon as practical, any perceived
defect in the Product and, following the discovery of any material
defect, shall terminate its use of the Product. At the conclusion of the
Beta Test, Recipient shall provide to Developer an evaluation of the
Product, including both positive and negative aspects.

5\. [Termination]{.underline}.

Recipient may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to expiration
of the Beta Test by returning the Product including all Confidential
Information and copies thereof, to Developer, along with its evaluation
report. Developer may terminate this Agreement upon notice to Recipient,
subject to Recipient\'s obligation to return the Product, Confidential
Information and all copies thereof. The obligations of Recipient in
Section 2 above shall survive the termination of this Agreement. If not
earlier terminated, this Agreement shall terminate automatically upon
the end of the period set forth in Section 3 and following Recipient\'s
return of the Product and the Confidential Information. Upon
termination, Recipient agrees to remove from Recipient\'s computer any
files related to the product.

6\. [Developer\'s Warranties]{.underline}.

Developer represents and warrants that it has the requisite right and
legal authority to grant the license and provide the Product and the
Confidential Information as contemplated by this Agreement. DEVELOPER
MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT
OR ANY OTHER CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. DEVELOPER\'S SOLE LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF THE
REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY ABOVE, AND RECIPIENT\'S SOLE REMEDY, SHALL
BE THAT DEVELOPER SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD RECIPIENT HARMLESS FROM AND
AGAINST ANY LOSS, SUIT, DAMAGE, CLAIM OR DEFENSE ARISING OUT OF BREACH
OF THE REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY, INCLUDING REASONABLE
ATTORNEYS\'FEES.

7\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Recipient:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Developer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

8\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

9\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

10\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

11\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

12\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Recipient Developer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Beta Test Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to help your corporation complete the Beta
Test Agreement and to ensure that the necessary steps are taken to order
to make it effective and presentable to parties with an interest in your
business, such as various financial entities such as private investors,
venture capitalists, and your Directors.

1\. The Beta Test Agreement form is used by the developer of software or
a computer hardware product, as well as biotech companies, to arrange
for testing of the product by a user. This form does not convey a
perpetual license nor does it transfer any title. It is also very useful
to Developers to gain financial backing for their firm's expansion plans
and to persuade investors that someone will actually "buy" this product
or product line after development is completed.

2\. Most Developers offer incentives, such reduced prices on product, to
motivate the beta tester. Most developers also follow-up these
arrangements with extensive monitoring and calibration of the results
during the Beta Test phase in order to refine the product for normal
sales at a later date. Developers should be cautious about deep
discounts since, as Geoffrey Moore points out in [Crossing the
Chasm]{.underline}, the earliest adopters will pay for Beta Test
products since they identify their business as doing just this; and, if
they do not pay, they tend to treat the project with disdain. Also, when
they reference the product to the larger group of Early Adapters, their
references are invaluable and "what they paid" is an important component
of the recommendation in the eyes of most early adopters. Note: If you
are in this business we strongly recommend you read both [Crossing the
Chasm]{.underline} and [Living on the Fault Line]{.underline} by
Geoffrey A. Moore. It will be time well spent.

3\. Print at least several copies. Both parties should sign each copy so
that both parties can have an original copy. You will find this
agreement quite useful as supporting documentation in all of your
financing activities.
