Confidentiality Agreement

This Confidentiality Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Recipient\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Owner\").

Whereas the Recipient wishes to review certain materials and products of
the Owner and the owner wishes to retain confidentiality about the same,
the Recipient and Owner agree as follows:

1\. [Confidential Information]{.underline}.

Owner proposes to disclose certain of its confidential and proprietary
information (\"Confidential Information\") to Recipient. Confidential
Information shall include all data, materials, products, technology,
computer programs, specifications, manuals, business plans, software,
marketing plans, financial information, and other information disclosed
or submitted, orally, in writing, or by any other media, to Recipient by
Owner. Confidential Information disclosed orally shall be identified as
such within five (5) days of disclosure. Nothing herein shall require
Owner to disclose any of its information.

2\. [Recipient\'s Obli2ations]{.underline}**.**

A. Recipient agrees that the Confidential Information is to be
considered confidential and proprietary to Owner and Recipient shall
hold the same in confidence, shall not use the Confidential Information
other than for the purposes of its business with Owner, and shall
disclose it only to its officers, directors, or employees with a
specific need to know. Recipient will not disclose, publish or otherwise
reveal any of the Confidential Information received from Owner to any
other party whatsoever except with the specific prior written
authorization of Owner.

B. Confidential Information furnished in tangible form shall not be
duplicated by Recipient except for purposes of this Agreement. Upon the
request of Owner, Recipient shall return all Confidential Information
received in written or tangible form, including copies, or reproductions
or other media containing such Confidential Information, within fifteen
(15) days of such request. At Recipient\'s option, any documents or
other media developed by the Recipient containing Confidential
Information may be destroyed by Recipient. Recipient shall provide a
written certificate to Owner regarding destruction within fifteen (15)
days thereafter.

3\. [Term]{.underline}.

The obligations of Recipient herein shall be effective today and from
the date the Owner last discloses any Confidential Information to
Recipient pursuant to this Agreement. Further, the obligation not to
disclose shall not be affected by bankruptcy, receivership, assignment,
attachment or seizure procedures, whether initiated by or against
Recipient, nor by the rejection of any agreement between Owner and
Recipient, by a trustee of Recipient in bankruptcy, or by the Recipient
as a debtor-in-possession or the equivalent of any of the foregoing
under local law.

4\. [Other Information]{.underline}.

Recipient shall have no obligation under this Agreement with respect to
Confidential Information which is or becomes publicly available without
breach of this Agreement by Recipient; is rightfully received by
Recipient without obligations of confidentiality; or is developed by
Recipient without breach of this Agreement; provided, however, such
Confidential Information shall not be disclosed until sixty (60) days
after written notice of intent to disclose is given to Owner along with
the asserted grounds for disclosure.

5\. [No]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[License]{.underline}.

Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting or conferring
any rights by license or otherwise in any Confidential Information. It
is understood and agreed that neither party solicits any change in the
organization, business practice, service or products of the other party,
and that the disclosure of Confidential Information shall not be
construed as evidencing any intent by a party to purchase any products
or services of the other party nor as an encouragement to expend funds
in development or research efforts. Confidential Information may pertain
to prospective or unannounced products. Recipient agrees not to use any
Confidential Information as a basis upon which to develop or have a
third party develop a competing or similar product.

6\. [No Publicity]{.underline}.

Recipient agrees not to disclose its participation in this undertaking,
the existence or terms and conditions of the Agreement, or the fact that
discussions are being held with Owner, unless otherwise agreed in
writing and signed by both parties.

7\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Recipient:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Owner:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

8\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

9\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

10\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

11\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

12\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Recipient Owner

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Confidentiality Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to help you to complete the Confidentiality
Agreement and to ensure that the necessary steps are taken to make it
effective, yet presentable to get most interested parties to sign it for
your corporation's protection.

1\. The Confidentiality Agreement is used when one party (the \"Owner\")
will disclose its valuable confidential information to someone else (the
\"Recipient\"). This disclosure is \"one way\", not reciprocal. Make
sure these terms are appropriate for your situation. As a practical
matter, you should have several copies available and prepared in advance
for meetings with potential recipients. It is far easier to get these
signed in person than by mail when they have time to reflect upon it and
may have various other parties in their organization possibly
undermining your efforts to get it signed.

2\. Make sure that your information is marked to show the name of the
owner and keep a record of the information that is disclosed. It may
also be appropriate to label the information \"Confidential\". At the
conclusion of the evaluation by the Recipient, the Owner should demand
the return of disclosed information as provided in the agreement. Doing
this in person makes all of this much easier from a practical point of
view. In fact, you should make this an integral and important part of
any Sales presentation and be sure your sales people have copies ready
for signature.

3\. Laws vary from state to state and change over time, especially with
regards to these kind of commercial and intellectual property
restrictions. Before using this well care document, consider having a
lawyer review it to make sure it complies with current regulations as
they apply to your corporation in your state.

4\. Have the Recipient sign two copies. They keep one for their files;
you keep the other for yours. If it should come to litigation at a later
date, it will help your cause if they produce the signed document in
discovery. We strongly recommend you keep a separate binder for
Confidentiality Agreements and periodically review it to be sure all
appropriate parties have signed it. Often, new parties will review your
materials at the company of the original Recipient. You should make it
an ongoing obligation of your sales people and your management to try to
obtain these signatures when you visit or meet with the other parties.
Do this in person for the best results. Mailing these documents both
cuts down on the rate of obtaining signatures and tends to "put off" the
potential signatory.
