Software Development Agreement

This Software Development Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Developer\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(\"Buyer\").

In consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement, the
parties agree as follows:

1\. [Duties and Responsibilities]{.underline}.

Developer shall serve as a contractor of Buyer, defined by the IRS as a
1099 Contractor, and shall design, develop, and implement applications
software (\"Software\") according to the functional specifications and
related information, if any, attached hereto as Exhibit A and
incorporated herein by this reference (\"Specifications\") and as more
fully set forth in this Agreement. Developer acknowledges that it has
been contracted for this specific task, and that it shall report all
findings and make all recommendations directly to the management of
Buyer. The Software, including all versions in either source code or
object code form, shall be delivered to Buyer not later than
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date).

2\. [Ownership of Software]{.underline}.

Developer agrees that the development of the Software is \"work for
hire\" within the meaning of the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended from
time to time, and that the Software shall be the sole property of Buyer.
Developer hereby assigns to Buyer, without further compensation, all of
its right, title and interest in and to the Software and any and all
related patents, patent applications, copyrights, copyright
applications, trademarks and trade names in the United States and
elsewhere. Developer will keep and maintain adequate and current written
records with respect to the Software (in the form of notes, sketches,
drawings and as may otherwise be specified by Buyer), which records
shall be available to and remain the sole property of Buyer at all
times. All versions of the Software shall contain Buyer\'s conspicuous
notice of copyright. Developer will assist Buyer in obtaining and
enforcing patent, copyright and other forms of legal protection for the
Software in any country. Upon request, Developer will sign all
applications, assignments, instruments and papers and perform all acts
necessary or desired by Buyer to assign the Software fully and
completely to Buyer and to enable Buyer, its successors, assigns and
nominees, to secure and enjoy the full and exclusive benefits and
advantages of this work.

3\. [Compensation]{.underline}.

A. Buyer shall pay Developer as follows: \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
downpayment and \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ upon completion.

B. Subject to Buyer\'s prior approval, Buyer will reimburse Developer
for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, but not limited
to, air fare, lodging, meals and rental of automobiles incurred by
Developer during the development of the Software on behalf of Buyer, if
any of these activities are deemed necessary.

4\. [Independent Contractor]{.underline}.

Developer is acting as an independent contractor with respect to the
services provided to Buyer. Neither Developer nor the employees of the
Developer performing services for Buyer will be considered employees or
agents of Buyer. Buyer will not be responsible for Developer\'s acts or
the acts of Developer\'s employees while performing services under this
Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to
imply a joint venture, business, partnership or principal-agent
relationship between the parties, and neither party by virtue of this
Agreement shall have any right, power or authority to act or create any
obligation, express or implied, on behalf of the other party.

5\. [Development Staff-Monitoring]{.underline}.

A. Developer will utilize employees and/or contractors capable of
designing and implementing the Software to be developed per this
Agreement. All work shall be performed in a professional and workmanlike
manner. Developer shall arrange for such employees and/or contractors,
if any, to execute and deliver any document or instrument reasonably
requested by Buyer to reflect Buyer\'s ownership of the Software or in
connection with any application for patent or copyright.

B. Buyer shall have the right to reasonably observe and monitor all
aspects of the performance by Developer of its obligations hereunder and
Developer shall use reasonable efforts to facilitate such observation
and monitoring. Information, functions and operations of Developer not
directly related to its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to
observation and monitoring.

6\. [Change in Specifications]{.underline}.

Buyer may, in its sole discretion, request that changes be made to the
Specifications, or other aspects of the Agreement and tasks associated
with this Agreement. If Buyer requests such a change, Developer will use
its best efforts to implement the requested change at no additional
expense to Buyer and without delaying delivery of the Software. In the
event that the proposed change will, in the reasonable opinion of
Developer, require a delay in delivery of the Software or would result
in additional expense to Buyer, then Buyer and Developer shall confer
and Buyer shall, in its discretion, elect either to withdraw its
proposed change or require Developer to deliver the Software with the
proposed change and subject to the delay and/or additional expense.

7\. [Confidentiality.]{.underline}

A. Developer acknowledges that all material and information supplied by
Buyer which has or will come into Developer\'s possession or knowledge
of Developer in connection with its performance hereunder, is to be
considered Buyer\'s confidential and proprietary information (the
\"Confidential Information\"). By way of illustration, but not as a
limitation, Confidential Information includes the Software, trade
secrets, processes, data, know-how, program codes, documentation,
flowcharts, algorithms, marketing plans, forecasts, unpublished
financial statements, budgets, licenses, prices, costs, and employee and
customer lists. Developer\'s undertakings and obligations under this
Section will not apply, however, to any Confidential Information which:
(i) is or becomes generally known to the public through no action on
Developer\'s part, (ii) is generally disclosed to third parties by Buyer
without restriction on such third parties, or (iii) is approved for
release by written authorization of Buyer. Upon termination of this
Agreement or at any other time upon request, Developer will promptly
deliver to Buyer all notes, memoranda, notebooks, drawings, records,
reports, files, documented source codes and other documents (and all
copies or reproductions of such materials) in its possession or under
its control, whether prepared by Developer or others, which contain
Confidential Information. Developer acknowledges that Confidential
Information is the sole property of Buyer. Developer agrees that
disclosure of such information to, or use by, third parties, either
during or after this Agreement, will cause Buyer irreparable damage.
Developer agrees to use best efforts to hold Confidential Information in
the strictest confidence, not to make use of it other than for the
performance of its obligations hereunder, to release it only to the
Developer\'s employees or contractors with a need to know such
information and not to release or disclose it to any other party.
Developer further agrees not to release such information to any employee
or contractor who has not signed a written agreement between Developer
and the employee expressly binding the employee not to use or disclose
the Confidential Information, except as expressly permitted in this
Agreement. Buyer shall be listed as a third-party beneficiary of any
such agreement. Developer will notify Buyer in writing of any
circumstances within its knowledge relating to any unauthorized
possession, use, or knowledge of such Confidential Information. At any
time, upon request, the Developer will return any such information
within its possession to Buyer.

B. Developer acknowledges that Buyer\'s purpose in pursuing the
development of the Software is to gain a significant competitive
advantage over competitors operating without such Software and that such
advantage will be jeopardized if such competitors learn of Buyer\'s
negotiations with Developer or the performance by Developer of its
obligations hereunder. Accordingly, Developer agrees to keep such
negotiations and performance of its obligations hereunder strictly
confidential and not to disclose any information to any third party or
entity without the prior written permission of Buyer. In no event, shall
Developer or any of its employees use Buyer as a reference in marketing
Developer\'s services to any third party or entity without Buyer\'s
prior written permission.

8\. [Training]{.underline}.

Developer shall provide Buyer and its employees with training
consultations with respect to the use of the Software as may reasonably
be requested by Buyer from time to time for after acceptance at no
additional costs to Buyer (\"Training Period\"). Developer shall deliver
a detailed user\'s manual to Buyer on or before completion of acceptance
that will enable Buyer\'s employees who are otherwise unfamiliar with
the Software to become adequately informed about using the software. All
training that Developer is required to provide hereunder shall be
performed at such locations and at such times as are mutually agreed to
by the parties hereto. Upon the expiration of the Training Period and
following Buyer\'s request, Developer will provide any support services
necessary to insure Buyer\'s continued use of the Software. Such
services will be performed on a time and material basis at Developer\'s
then current hourly

rates for such services.

9\. [Warranties]{.underline}.

A. Developer warrants that for a period of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ following acceptance, the Software will
operate substantially according to the Specifications. In the event of
any breach of the warranty in this Section 9. A., in addition to any
other remedy to which Buyer may be entitled, Developer shall take all
action necessary at its expense to cause the Software to operate
according to the warranty.

B. Developer warrants that the Software will not infringe upon any
copyright, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property interest
of any third party. Developer will indemnify and hold Buyer harmless
from and against all such infringement claims, losses, suits and damages
including, but not limited to, attorney\'s fees and costs, and shall
promptly following any bona-fide claim of infringement correct the
Software so as not to be infringing, or secure at its own expense the
right of Buyer to use the Software without infringement.

10\. [Term and Termination]{.underline}.

A. This Agreement shall commence upon today's date and continue until
all of the obligations of the parties have been performed or until
earlier terminated as provided herein.

B. Developer\'s appointment as consultant pursuant to this Agreement and
this Agreement

shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

\(i\) In the event either party defaults in any material obligation owed
to the other party pursuant to this Agreement, then this Agreement may
be terminated if the default is not cured following at least forty five
(45) days written notice to the defaulting party.

\(ii\) Either party is bankrupt or insolvent, or bankruptcy or
insolvency proceedings are instituted against a party and the proceeding
is not dismissed within forty five (45) days after commencement.

\(iii\) Developer dies or becomes disabled.

C. Section 2, Ownership of Software, and Section 7, Confidentiality,
shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. In the
event of early termination due to Developer\'s default or the death or
disability of the individual(s) identified in subsection (iii), above,
Developer agrees to deliver the Software then completed. Developer, in
that instance, shall be paid a pro rata share for the work; if the
amount cannot be agreed upon, the Buyer can return the work and the
other terms of this contract go into effect, as outlined in this section
and others.

11\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Developer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Buyer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

12\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

13\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

14\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

15\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

16\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Developer Buyer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}: Specifications for the Software (if any)

Software Development Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to help you complete this Software
Development Agreement. Software development is still a largely immature
market full of pitfalls and perils for both the publisher, the Buyer in
this case, and the End-User, not applicable in this Agreement. No other
industry to our knowledge, for example, willfully has able bodied and
competent experts issuing bugs and viruses just for the pure pleasure of
it. Therefore, the Buyer of software and software development must be
especially careful when entering into contracts with Developers.
Developers, on the other side of the equation, often are deeply
suspicious of publishers so, in a similar manner, are wary in their
dealings with them. As with all of our legal forms and business advice,
our role is to guide you with regard to the practical business matters
and not give legal advice per se. Therefore, our business advice is,
that no matter which side of this equation you are on, beware of these
activities and be scrupulous about your conduct in order to have the
relationship go smoothly in an industry that runs anything but smoothly.

1.  Be sure both parties sign the Agreement prior to commencing work. Be
    sure all monies are clear. We advise that Buyers provide some
    deposit as a good faith gesture since most developers need the funds
    to operate and live. We also suggest that Buyers be aware that any
    repair work, whether on a house or a software program, can discover
    unanticipated problems. It is important for the long-term survival
    of the software that the Buyer permit the Developer to reveal
    candidly any flaws uncovered in the software so it may be addressed.
    Punishing the bearer of bad tidings is a distinctly self-destructive
    act by many publishers.

2.  Time pressure placed upon Developers, plus ill-defined missions, has
    led to much bad and buggy software being sold and released to make
    artificial deadlines. Further compounding this problem, most
    Developers refuse to outline, blue print, and otherwise prepare
    their activities prior to commencing actual coding. Both of these
    tendencies, very uncommon in most established consumer product
    industries, lead to misunderstandings, financial problems for the
    participants, end-user unhappiness, and so on and so on. Whether you
    are the Developer or the Buyer, you can help improve this situation
    in this Agreement by not putting undue time pressures on projects,
    defining in outlines and blue prints what the product should do, and
    provide sufficient time for Q & A to resolve problems. As they say
    in carpentry, "Measure twice; cut once."

3.  Print at least two copies of this Agreement because, especially for
    the Buyer, this document relates to your ownership rights to the
    software in question. You should keep a copy in your corporate
    records as well as with the software worked upon. Well-documented
    ownership trails almost always become a major issue at some point in
    the software business. Keeping a good audit trail will save your
    corporation time and money in the long term. The Developer is
    advised to keep copies for marketing purposes in the future; while
    you may not be able or want to disclose the exact document, you can
    get a letter of commendation, if possible, from the Buyer at the end
    of the project. This can be a very helpful sales tool with potential
    buyers in a turbulent market (and we say that as a buyer ourselves)!
