## Software License, End-User

ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE OPENING THIS
PACKAGE. THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY OPENING THIS PACKAGE (THE \"END
USER\") AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU OPEN
THIS PACKAGE AND DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT USE
THE SOFTWARE AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE PACKAGE UNOPENED, AND THE LICENSE
PRICE WILL BE REFUNDED.

The enclosed computer program(s) and the accompanying documentation are
provided to the End-User by \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Licensor\") for use only under the following terms and conditions.
Licensor reserves any right not expressly granted to the End-user. The
End-User owns the disc on which the Software is recorded, but Licensor
retains ownership of all copies of the Software itself. The End-User
assumes sole responsibility for the installation, use and results
obtained from use of the Software. In other words, licensor provides the
tool; its use is your responsibility. As with any new tool, you may wish
to seek instruction from third parties to use the tool, or in this case,
the software, most effectively.

1\. [License]{.underline}.

End-User is granted a limited, non-exclusive license to do only the
following:

A. Install and maintain the Software on one computer at any time for use
only in the

End-User\'s own use.

B. Make one backup copy in machine-readable form solely for archival
purposes for the computer, which the Software is installed. Copyright
law protects this Software. As an express condition of this License, the
End-User must reproduce on the copy Licensor\'s copyright notice and any
other proprietary legends on the original copy supplied by Licensor.

C. Transfer the Software and all rights under this License to another
party together with a copy of this License and all written materials
accompanying the Software, provided (i) the End-User gives Licensor
written notice of the transfer (including in such notice the identity of
the transferee), and (ii) the other party reads and agrees to accept the
terms and conditions of this License. This is similar to what happens
when a condominium is sold by an owner to a new owner, who then becomes
bound by all the restrictions placed upon the original owner.

2\. [Restrictions]{.underline}.

The End-User may NOT sublicense, assign, or distribute copies of the
Software to others. The Software contains trade secrets. The End-User
may NOT decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce
the Software to a human readable form. THE END-USER MAY NOT MODIFY,
ADAPT, TRANSLATE, RENT, LEASE, LOAN, RESELL FOR PROFIT, DISTRIBUTE, OR
OTHERWISE ASSIGN OR TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE, OR CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS
BASED UPON THE SOFTWARE OR ANY PART THEREOF, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN SECTION l.C. ABOVE. This is similar to the rights retained
by authors and publishers in the book business. No one can reproduce or
plagiarize the materials in the book bought by an End-User.

3\. [Protection and Security]{.underline}.

The End-User agrees to use its best efforts and to take all reasonable
steps to safeguard the Software to ensure that no unauthorized person
shall have access thereto and that no unauthorized copy, publication,
disclosure or distribution in whole or in part, in any form, shall be
made. The End-User acknowledges that the Software contains valuable
confidential information and trade secrets and that unauthorized use
and/or copying are harmful to Licensor.

4\. [Termination]{.underline}.

This License is effective until terminated. This License will terminate
immediately without notice from Licensor if the End User fails to comply
with any of its provisions. Upon termination the End User must destroy
the Software and all copies thereof, and the End-User may terminate this
License at any time by doing so.

5\. [Export Law Assurances]{.underline}.

The End-User agrees that the Software is to be used only in accordance
with United States laws and statutes, and will not be transferred or
exported, directly or indirectly, outside the US to any country where it
is so prohibited by US laws and statutes.

6\. [No Warranty]{.underline}.

Licensor provides no warranty of any kind with regards to the product.
As a practical matter, however, the Licensor welcomes contact from any
End-User that has any problems as to the product but offers no training
as to its use. Training must be sought from experienced third parties
who are available widely through references or the Yellow Pages. As with
selling a car, car dealers do not take the responsibility of teaching
people to drive. Similarly, Licensor does not undertake the
responsibility to "teach" how to use the software included in this
agreement.

No oral or written information or advice given by Licensor or its
dealers, distributors, employees or agents shall in any way extend,
modify or add to the foregoing warranty statement regarding no warranty
be given to End-User.

NO WARRANTY IS PROVIDED, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE END-USER ASSUMES ALL RISK AS TO THE SUITABILITY,
QUALITY, EASE OF USE, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT WILL
LICENSOR, OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES, BE LIABLE
TO THE END-USER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA OR BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE
LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR
ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

LICENSOR\'S LIABILITY TO THE END-USER (IF ANY) FOR ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES
FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL
BE LIMITED TO**, **AND IN NO EVENT SHALL EXCEED**, **THE AMOUNT
ORIGINALLY PAID TO LICENSOR FOR THE LICENSE OF THE SOFTWARE.

7\. [Enhancements]{.underline}.

From time to time Licensor may, in its sole discretion, advise the
End-User of updates, upgrades, enhancements or improvements to the
Software and/or new releases of the Software (collectively,
\"Enhancements\"), and may license the End-User to use such Enhancements
upon payment of prices as may be established by Licensor from time to
time. All such Enhancements to the Software provided to the End-User
shall also be governed by the terms of this License. IN ORDER FOR THE
END-USER TO BE ASSURED THAT IT WILL BE ADVISED OF AND LICENSED TO USE
ANY ENHANCEMENTS TO THE SOFTWARE, THE END-USER MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND
RETURN TO LICENSOR THE ATTACHED END-USER REGISTRATION CARD OR LEAVE
THEIR NAME ON THE LICENSOR'S WEB SITE.

8\. [General]{.underline}.

This License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Licensor's headquarters' state, and shall inure to the
benefit of Licensor and End-User and their successors, assigns and legal
representatives. If any provision of this License is held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent
under applicable law, that provision will be enforced to the maximum
extent permissible, and the remaining provisions of this License will
remain in full force and effect. Any notices or other communications to
be sent to Licensor must be mailed first class, postage prepaid, to the
licensor's address as listed on the product or accompanying materials.

9\. [Acknowledgment]{.underline}.

BY OPENING THIS PACKAGE, THE END-USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS
LICENSE, UNDERSTANDS IT, AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND
CONDITIONS. Should you have any questions concerning this License,
contact Licensor at the address set forth in the accompanying software
or documentation.

10\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

11\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

12\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

12\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

13\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Licensor

Software License, End-User

Review List

This review list is provided to help you to complete the Software
License, for End-Users, especially to be used with prepackaged
shrink-wrapped software. We have included certain explanations, which
are not required in a license agreement but make it more understandable
and therefore encourage compliance by the End-User, in our experience as
a software company ourselves.

1\. The Prepackaged Software License, also known as a \"Shrink-wrap\"
Software License, is designed for use with software sold through
retailers or other mass market retailers such as Best Buy or Wal\*Mart.

2\. Whether a license of this sort is enforceable depends on a number of
facts and the controlling law. Among other factors, making the license
available for inspection in advance of purchase and ensuring that the
terms of the license governing acceptance are consistent with the
distribution and sale of the software are important. However, the
primary purpose of the license is to put people on notice about
unauthorized use of the software so if enforcement against them is
required, they cannot claim to have been ignorant of your warnings.

4\. This form does not call for signature by either party. But, you will
note that we recommend that the Licensor sign the original copy that is
duplicated with the software. It is a small, but personal, touch by the
Licensor to show its respect for the End-User.
