# Technology Sale Agreement, Non-Exclusive

This Sale of Technology Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Seller\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(\"Buyer\").

Whereas, Seller has developed and owns all rights, including the
copyright, to certain technology described as follows or attached by in
Exhibit form:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Technology").

And further, as Buyer wishes to purchase, and Seller wishes to sell,
such Technology, the related goodwill and all other associated property
rights, including all copyrights and all rights to enhanced, modified
and updated versions and derivative works related thereto.

Therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1\. **Transfer.**

A.  [Technology]{.underline}. Seller hereby sells, assigns, conveys and
    transfers to Buyer all of Seller\'s right, title and interest in and
    to the following described technology on a nonexclusive basis:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

The Technology shall include, but is not limited to:

\(i\) The Technology in all versions and all forms of expression
thereof, including but not limited to source code, object code, flow
charts, and block diagrams, and documentation, previous versions, notes,
other information relating to the Technology; and all copyrights, trade
secrets, patentable inventions, proprietary rights and intellectual
property contained therein or connected therewith, including without
limitation Seller\'s copyright in the Technology;

\(ii\) All existing copies of the Technology in Seller\'s possession or
control, whether in source or object code form, and whether on magnetic
storage media, paper or any other media; and

A.  [Delivery]{.underline}. The Technology shall be delivered to Buyer
    promptly following execution of this Agreement. Seller shall from
    time to time, but without further consideration, execute and deliver
    such instruments or documents and take such other action as is
    reasonably necessary which Buyer may request in order to more
    effectively carry out this Agreement and to vest in Buyer the
    Technology and title thereto.

2\. [Purchase Price]{.underline}.

In consideration for the transfer of this nonexclusive Technology and
the promises of Seller herein, Buyer shall pay to Seller, \$
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ upon delivery of the Technology.

3\. [Representations and Warranties of Seller]{.underline}.

Seller represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

A. [Title, Infringement]{.underline}. Seller has good and marketable
title to the Technology, including the copyright to the Technology, and
has all necessary rights to enter into this Agreement without violating
any other agreement or commitment of any sort. Seller does not have any
outstanding agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning
the Technology, except as identified in Section l.A.(iii) above. The
Technology does not infringe or constitute a misappropriation of any
trademark, patent, copyright, trade secret, proprietary right or similar
property right. Seller agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Buyer, its
subsidiaries, affiliates and licensees harmless against any action,
suit, expense, claim, loss, or liability based on a claim that the
Technology infringes or constitutes a misappropriation of any trademark,
patent, copyright, trade secret, proprietary right or similar property
right. Buyer shall give Seller prompt written notice of any such claim.
Seller shall assume responsibility for defending any suit or proceeding
brought against Buyer based on any claim that the Technology infringes
or constitutes a misappropriation of any trademark, patent, copyright,
trade secret, proprietary right or similar property right; provided,
however, that Buyer shall give Seller prompt notice in writing of the
assertion of any such claim and of the threat or institution of any such
suit or proceeding, and all authority, information and assistance
required for the defense of the same. Seller shall pay all damages and
costs awarded against Buyer, but shall not be responsible for any cost,
expense or compromise incurred without Seller\'s consent.

B. [No Liens]{.underline}. The Technology is not subject to any lien,
encumbrance, mortgage or security interest of any kind. Seller\'s
conveyance of the nonexclusive Technology shall be free of any such
interest, excepting only the interests of the third party licenses
identified in Section

1.A. (iii) above, if any.

C. [Authority Make this Agreement]{.underline}. This Agreement is a
legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Seller and the performance of and
compliance by Seller with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
will not result in the imposition of any lien or other encumbrance on
any of the Assets, and will not conflict with or result in a breach by
Seller of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order,
injunction, judgment, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
Seller, the Technology, or any note, indenture or other agreement,
contract, license or instrument by which any of the Technology may be
bound or affected. No consent or approval by any person or public
authority is required to authorize or is required in connection with,
the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by Seller.

D. [No Default]{.underline}. There is no outstanding default by Seller
or any third party license of the Technology of any material obligation
in the licenses identified in Section I.A. (iii) above, if any.

4\. [No Brokers]{.underline}.

All negotiations relative to this Agreement have been carried on by
Buyer directly with Seller, without the intervention of any person as
the result of any act of Buyer or Seller, so far as known to either
party, without the intervention of any such person, in such manner as to
give rise to any valid claim against the parties hereto for brokerage
commissions, finder\'s fees, or other such payment.

5\. [Consents, Further Instruments and Cooperation]{.underline}**.**

Buyer and Seller shall each use their respective best efforts to obtain
the consent or approval of each person or entity, if any, whose consent
or approval shall be required in order to permit it to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, and to execute and deliver such
instruments and to take such other action as may be required to carry
out the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Seller shall
execute, or cause its employees and agents to execute, any patent or
copyright application or other similar document or instrument, following
Buyer\'s reasonable request.

6\. [Limitation of Liability.]{.underline}

OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.A. OR UPON THE BREACH OF ANY
WARRANTY, NEITHER BUYER NOR SELLER SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PERFORMANCE HEREUNDER, EVEN IF SUCH
PARTY HAS ADVANCE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER
BASED ON A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.

7\. [Buyer\'s Use of the Nonexclusive Technology]{.underline}.

Buyer may not market, license and sell the Technology under names and
trade names of its own choosing, but may develop updated and modified
versions and derivative works of the Technology while still attributing
authorship to Seller. Buyer shall own all nonexclusive rights and title,
including copyrights, in and to updated and modified versions and
derivative works of the Technology without requiring permission from
Seller and without incurring payment obligations in addition to those
provided herein.

8\. [Seller\'s Use of the Assets & Buyer's Responsibilities
Thereto]{.underline}.

Seller retains all rights in the Technology and retains the right to use
the Technology or any material relating to the Technology for any
purpose, personal, commercial, or otherwise. Buyer furthermore shall
maintain all information relating to the Technology or use of the
Technology in confidence and shall not disclose any aspect of the
Technology to any third party without the prior written consent of
Seller. Buyer agrees not to participate in any activities relating to
development, marketing or sale of Technology or other materials that
would compete, directly or indirectly, with Buyer\'s marketing or
distribution of the Technology, to other potential customers.

9\. [Assignment]{.underline}.

Seller may not assign this Agreement or any obligation herein without
the prior written consent of Buyer. Buyer shall not unreasonably
withhold its consent to an assignment, however. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties named herein and
their respective heirs, executors, personal representatives, successors
and assigns.

10\. [Relationship of the Parties]{.underline}.

The relationship between Buyer and Seller under this Agreement is
intended to be that of buyer and seller, and nothing in this Agreement
is intended to be construed so as to suggest that the parties hereto are
partners or joint venturers, or either party or its employees are the
employee or agent of the other. Except as expressly set forth herein,
neither Buyer nor Seller has any express nor implied right or authority
under this Agreement to assume or create any obligations on behalf of or
in the name of the other or to bind the other to any contract, agreement
or undertaking with any third party.

11\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Seller:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Buyer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

12\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

13\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

14\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

15\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

16\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Buyer Seller

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Technology Sale Agreement, Non-Exclusive

Review List

This review list is provided to help you to complete the Non-Exclusive
Technology Sale Agreement and ensure that the necessary steps are taken
to make it effective.

1.  The Sale of Technology Agreement is used to transfer nonexclusive
    ownership of a Technology program from the owner to a buyer for a
    sum of money. This is similar to an Asset Sale or Bulk Transfer
    Sale, except that the Seller can make the sale as often as they can
    do so and want to do so. You are encouraged to read the review list
    for that document, under the "Business Agreements" section for more
    information on the subject. After completing this transaction, the
    party selling the program retains all rights in the Technology. Make
    sure these terms are acceptable to you. If not, you can modify this
    agreement to an exclusive one and probably get more money for it
    from a single buyer. A nonexclusive agreement, however, often
    results in only slightly less money than an exclusive one, since
    most Buyers are not in the business of reselling technology but
    merely wish to have it under their possession and control for
    further development.

Examples of such transactions would be a retail point of sale and
inventory program that a large retailer such as Home Depot would want to
own outright, and get the benefit of not having to pay additional
license fees as new stores roll out. The Seller would benefit by being
able to resell the same program to other large customers. An exclusive
license is generally sought when the buyer wants absolute control over
the technology so as to include it in a proprietary program or programs
it is using. An example of that is when a company such as ours, Simply
Media, wishes to have the exclusive rights to certain materials we use
in our CDs. This is a business decision for you to make, not a legal
one.

1.  This Agreement is an important sales document for you and/or your
    corporation. You are well advised to seek legal review to be sure
    the legal and business aspects of the agreement work for your
    particular situation and venue.

2.  Print multiple copies of this agreement so both have at least one
    signed original copy each. An extra copy should be kept at your home
    or office with your other corporate papers, as well.
