[Contact Name]{.underline}

[Address]{.underline}

[Address2 ]{.underline}

[City, State/Province]{.underline}

[Zip/Postal Code]{.underline}

**[OBJECT: BANK LOAN REQUEST]{.underline}**

[Dear \[CONTACT NAME\],]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] is a high-end \[INDUSTRY OR MARKET\] firm with a
reputation for integrity, quality, and excellence in management. In
\[NUMBER\] years annual sales have increased to be well over \[AMOUNT\]
dollars.]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] was formed by \[PRESIDENT NAME\] as \[SPECIFY\] in
\[MONTH, YEAR\]. In \[YEAR\] a combination of activities involving
\[DESCRIBE\] brought Gross Sales of \[AMOUNT\].]{.underline}

[The Company experienced steady growth since its inception, and
incorporated in \[DATE\], (see Appendix 1, Articles of Incorporation).
In \[YEAR\] Gross Sales of \[AMOUNT\] were achieved. In \[YEAR\], signed
contracts show that Gross Sales are expected to be \[AMOUNT\] (see
Appendix 2, current Backlog).]{.underline}

[The Company has its address in \[LEASED?\] premises at \[ADDRESS\]. Its
activities fall under the Standard Industrial Classification SIC
\[NUMBER\] and \[NUMBER\]. The owner is \[PRESIDENT NAME\].
]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] is involved in \[NUMBER\] distinct
activities:]{.underline}

1.  [\[FIRST ACTIVITY\]]{.underline}

2.  [\[SECOND ACTIVITY\]]{.underline}

3.  [\[THIRD ACTIVITY\]]{.underline}

[\[%\] of the Gross Sales are in \[ACTIVITY\]. At the moment there are
\[NUMBER\] permanent employees on the payroll and \[NUMBER\]
subcontracted workers excluding subcontracting companies (see Appendix 3
for resumes).]{.underline}

[The company\'s Short Term Objectives (within the next three years) are
to increase activity in all Divisions, and to achieve annual profit, net
after taxes, of \[AMOUNT\] by \[YEAR\]. Its Long term objectives are to
maintain the level of current business achieved up to \[YEAR\], and then
to move into \[ACTIVITY\] and \[ACTIVITY\].]{.underline}

[To implement these objectives the company needs:]{.underline}

1.  [A loan of \[AMOUNT\] at Prime plus \[%\]. This loan to be used for
    current near term expenses including \[DESCRIBE\], \[DESCRIBE\] and
    \[DESCRIBE\]. It will be repaid in \[NUMBER\] years.]{.underline}

2.  [A line of credit of \[AMOUNT\] to take advantage of discounts
    available, avoid associated penalties, and expand into high profit
    areas requiring positive cash flow.]{.underline}

[The prospects for \[COMPANY NAME\]\'s continued growth are excellent,
with \[YEAR\] contracts underway already exceeding \[AMOUNT\].
]{.underline}

[For equity the company has assets of \[AMOUNT\] (see Appendix 4,
Balance Sheet as of mm/dd/yy). Additionally the company\'s owners are
willing to offer as collateral a second mortgage on a residence with an
estimated value of \[AMOUNT\]. The address of this residence is
\[ADDRESS\].]{.underline}

[The company\'s overall objective is to satisfy that market segment that
demands \[DESCRIBE WHAT CUSTOMERS ARE LOOKING FOR\], and to maintain a
steady growth in sales volume that will sustain the company for
\[NUMBER\] years. \[PRESIDENT NAME\] has enhanced his reputation to the
point where the company is regarded as the recommended choice due to the
excellence of its \[PRODUCTS\] and management.]{.underline}

[Market research shows that \[DESCRIBE MARKET NEW DATA\]. \[COMPANY
NAME\] intends to pursue this market vigorously. (See Appendix 5 for
data on our market niches).]{.underline}

##### [Financial Objectives]{.underline}

[The financial objectives of \[COMPANY NAME\] over the next few years
are as follows:]{.underline}

  ---------------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------------------------
                                           **[YEAR]{.underline}**     **[YEAR-YEAR]{.underline}**
                                                                      
  **[Sales]{.underline}**                  [\[AMOUNT\]]{.underline}   [\[AMOUNT\]]{.underline}
                                                                      
  **[Net Income after Tax]{.underline}**   [\[AMOUNT\]]{.underline}   [\[AMOUNT\]]{.underline}
                                                                      
  ---------------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------------------------

[Please review the enclosed business plan and loan proposal, and of
course feel free to ask for any additional information or explanations
you may want. I will call you in about one week to arrange an
appointment so we can discuss the loan in person.]{.underline}

[I look forward to a mutually profitable relationship with the
\[BANK\].]{.underline}

[Your name]{.underline}

[Your title]{.underline}

[(800) 123-4567]{.underline}

[youremail\@yourcompany.com ]{.underline}
