**CONSUMER LOAN AGREEMENT**

This Consumer Loan Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LENDER NAME\]** (the \"Lender\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[BORROWER NAME\]** (the \"Borrower\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **PROMISE TO PAY**

Within \[NUMBER\] months from today, Borrower promises to pay to Lender
the sum of \[AMOUNT\], and interest and other charges stated below.

1.  **RESPONSIBILITY **

Although this Agreement may be signed below by more than one person,
Borrower understands that we are each as individuals responsible for
paying back the full amount.

1.  **BREAKDOWN OF LOAN **

**Amount of Loan: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline} **

**Other (Describe) [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline} **

**Amount financed: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline} **

**Finance charge: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline} **

**Total of payments: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline} **

**Annual Rate: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline} **

1.  **REPAYMENT**

This is how Borrower will repay: Borrower will repay the amount of this
note in \[NUMBER\] equal uninterrupted monthly installments of
\[AMOUNT\] each on the \[DAY\] of each month starting on the \[DATE\],
and ending on \[DATE\].

1.  **PREPAYMENT**

Borrower has the right to prepay the whole outstanding amount at any
time. If Borrower does, or if this loan is refinanced -- that is,
replaced by a new note -- Lender will refund the unearned finance
charge, figured by the \[RULE\] -- a commonly used formula for figuring
rebates on installment loans.

1.  **LATE CHARGE**

Any installment not paid within \[NUMBER\] days of its due date shall be
subject to a late charge of \[%\] of the payment, not to exceed
\[AMOUNT\] for any such late installment.

1.  **SECURITY **

To protect Lender, Borrower gives what is known as a security interest
or mortgage in:

\[DESCRIBE\]

1.  **DEFAULT **

If for any reason Borrower fail to make any payment on time, Borrower
shall be in default. The Lender can then demand immediate payment of the
entire remaining unpaid balance of this loan, without giving anyone
further notice. If Borrower have not paid the full amount of the loan
when the final payment is due, the Lender will charge me interest on the
unpaid balance at \[%\] per year.

1.  **RIGHT OF OFFSET **

If this loan becomes past due, the Lender will have the right to pay
this laon from any deposit or security Borrower have with this Lender
without notice to me. If the Lender gives me an extension of time to pay
this loan, Borrower still must repay the entire loan.

1.  **COLLECTION FEES**

If this note is placed with an attorney for collection, then Borrower
agree to pay an attorney\'s fee of \[%\] of the unpaid balance. This fee
will be added to the unpaid balance of the loan.

1.  **CO-BORROWERS**

If Borrower is signing this Agreement as a co-borrower, Borrower agrees
to be equally responsible with the Borrower for this loan.

LENDER BORROWER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
