**CHECKLIST **

**TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE**

The following checklist will help you identify your strengths and
weaknesses to help you improve the quality of service your organization
is providing to your clients. It's a fact that it cost about five times
more to get a new customer than to simply keep an existing one. So do
all it takes to keep your actual clients!

**EXAMINE YOUR ORGANIZATIONAL CULTURE**

-   You are unlikely to get close to your customers unless the culture
    of your organization encourages such a relationship. Staff should be
    trained to think \"customer first\" -- those who are not
    customer-focused can endanger the success of the organization by
    making inappropriate decisions, failing to respond to changing
    situations appropriately or quickly enough, or neglecting to serve
    customers in a way that promotes their loyalty.

-   If the culture in your organization does not support a
    customer-focused approach, implement a program of long-term culture
    change.

-   Remember that every section of your organization has customers.
    Staff in direct contact with external customers cannot provide
    effective service without the internal support of colleagues all
    along the chain. To encourage internal service departments to adopt
    an outward-looking customer focus, their operators might work for a
    week or two in the department they service.

-   Customer focus needs to pervade every level of the organization. How
    often do your key decision-makers and strategy formulators deal face
    to face with customers? A period on the front line would increase
    their awareness.

**IDENTIFY YOUR CUSTOMERS**

-   Your customers are those who use the output of your work. They may
    be internal to your organization (for example, your personnel
    function has all employees as its customers) or external (members of
    the public, other businesses, or government or public bodies).

-   In identifying customers, distinguish between purchasers and end
    users. You will probably wish to compile a database so you can
    profile your customers.

**PROFILE YOUR CUSTOMERS**

A wide range of factors influences customer behavior, for example, if
you are selling to individuals:

-   Gender -- particularly where the purchaser or end user is not the
    sole decision maker;

-   Age -- different age ranges being more susceptible to targeting by
    some products than others;

-   Marital status -- especially combined with other factors such as
    children and disposable income;

-   Home ownership -- indicating specific needs and responsibilities
    that relate to buying patterns;

-   Location -- urban consumers differs from rural ones; regions differs
    culturally and economically;

-   Lifestyle -- since all customers have individual activities,
    interests, and opinions.

If selling to businesses, you should look at factors like:

-   Revenues

-   Number of employees

-   Industry

-   Number of years in business

-   Credit rating

These factors become more useful when they are analyzed in combination
-- for example, age, home ownership, and number of dependent children
can indicate the likely amount of a customer\'s disposable income.

Decide how to approach your customers to find out their basic
characteristics. It may not be possible to ask every customer
individually, but other fruitful approaches exist, for example:

-   Market research

-   Questionnaires

-   User- or focus-group discussions

-   Customer audits

-   Attitude surveys

Take advantage of opportunities to meet business customers at their
premises or at yours in a series of open houses or customer care
programs or through membership of user groups, industry liaison
meetings, or partnerships arising out of new product development.

**ASSESS YOUR CUSTOMERS\' OPINIONS AND ATTITUDES**

Organizations with an inaccurate perception of their customers\' needs
most likely:

-   make untested and unwarranted assumptions about what customers
    think;

-   rely on weak anecdotal evidence;

-   accord too much weight to atypical complaints.

If you don\'t make the effort to find out what your customers think, you
can be caught off balance when they go elsewhere. If you don\'t know why
they are going elsewhere, you can\'t identify corrective actions.
Besides factual information about your customers, find out:

-   why customers buy your product or use your service;

-   how they use it;

-   what their opinion is of your product or service;

-   why they choose your offering over the competition;

-   what their experience is of your product or service in terms of
    performance and after-sales care.

Attitudes and opinions are hard to quantify, and many factors influence
a decision to purchase or to remain loyal to a particular brand.
Customers may be influenced as much or more by their impressions of
service -- courtesy, promptness, etc.-- as by the quality of a product.
Exploring these issues requires detailed research, and if you do not
have adequate in-house expertise you may wish to use an external
research agency.

Be sure to listen to your frontline staff, who are on the end of
firsthand comments from customers about their satisfaction and
dissatisfaction. Consider setting up a procedure for reporting this
information.

Channels usually employed for customer service can also be used to
solicit customers\' opinions by an open dialog that is meaningful to the
customer. Such channels include customer charters, warranties,
statements (and monitoring) of performance standards, open and willing
acceptance of penalties for noncompliance, and refunds in cases of
non-satisfaction.

**ACT ON YOUR FINDINGS**

Analyze the results of your research, interpret the data, and publicize
your findings. Use your findings to identify where you need to take
action to maintain your competitive advantage. Involve all staff in this
process; encourage everyone to think \"customer first.\"

Paying attention to your customers\' needs is an ongoing process.
Consider setting up a regular research project, introducing methods of
soliciting customers\' suggestions and creating response mechanisms, or
initiating procedures that constantly monitor your market.

**CONSIDER USING THE INTERNET TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER FOCUS**

The internet is increasingly being used by customers to select items for
purchase, specify designs, and submit comments and suggestions on
products and services. Used judiciously, the Internet permits an
organization to get closer to its customers than ever before.

**GIVE FEEDBACK TO CUSTOMERS**

Let your customers know that you value their needs and their ideas. This
may mean publishing a revised mission statement reiterating your
commitment to fulfilling their needs, or publicizing survey results and
details of new products or product amendments made as a result of the
research.

Feedback is not a onetime event. It needs to be a continuous process
that informs customers of your organization\'s response to suggestions,
mistakes, and new ideas and that encourages further dialog.

Dos and Don\'ts for Getting Close to the Customer...

Do:

-   Think of ways to reward customers for sharing their likes and
    dislikes.

-   Make sure your organizational culture encourages staff to think
    \"customer first.\"

-   Integrate customer focus with other business activities -- it should
    be a cross-departmental, cross-functional initiative.

Don\'t

-   Don\'t make assumptions about what people think without testing
    them.

-   Don\'t rely on data from too small a sample of customers.

-   Don\'t react too hastily to vociferous complainers -- see whether
    other customers feel the same way.
