**COMPUTER LEASE AGREEMENT**

This Computer Lease Agreement is made and effective \[DATE\], (the
"Lease")

**BETWEEN: \[LESSOR NAME\]** (the "Lessor"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[LESSEE NAME\]** (the \"Lessee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  **LEASE**

Lessor hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from Lessor,
the following described equipment (the \"Equipment\"):

\[EQUIPMENT\]

1.  **RENTAL **

The total rental fee shall be \[AMOUNT\] for the term of \[NUMBER\]
weeks dating from \[DATE\].

1.  **TITLE TO COMPUTERS **

Title to the computers that are the subject matter of this lease shall
be and remain with lessor at all times during the term hereof.

1.  **MAINTENANCE OF MACHINES **

Lessor guarantees, at its own cost and expense, to keep the computers in
good working condition during the term of this lease.

1.  **LIABILITY **

Lessee shall not be liable in any way, or to any extent at all for or on
account of any injury to any property at any time in said premises or on
account of the theft, or destruction of any property at any time on said
premises. Lessee shall not be responsible for the locking-up and
securing of premises.

1.  **MAINTENANCE **

Lessor shall at all times keep the premises in a clean, safe, and
sanitary condition in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations
of the government agencies having jurisdiction at the sole cost and
expense of lessor.

1.  **LOCATION **

The above-mentioned computers shall be used at the lessor\'s place of
business and the lessor grants to the lessee adequate space to enable it
and its agents, employees, and others acting with its permission to
operate the computers. Lessee will be granted free access to the
premises between the hours of \[TIME\] A.M. and \[TIME\] P.M. on each
day of the week in order to operate and use the computers.

1.  **APPLICABLE LAW **

This lease shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **LEASE AS ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY **

This lease embodies the entire agreement between the parties. It may not
be modified or terminated except as provided herein or by other written
agreement between the parties. If any provision herein is invalid, it
shall be considered deleted from this lease, and shall not invalidate
the remaining provisions of this lease.

1.  **MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE **

Any notice to be given under this lease shall be mailed to the party to
be notified at the address set forth herein, by registered or certified
mail with postage prepaid, and shall be deemed given when so mailed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease as of
the day and year first above written.

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
