**EQUIPMENT LEASE AGREEMENT**

This Equipment Lease Agreement is made and effective \[DATE\], (the
"Lease")

**BETWEEN: \[LESSOR NAME\]** (the "Lessor"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[LESSEE NAME\]** (the \"Lessee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  **LEASE**

Lessor hereby Lease s to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from Lessor,
the following described equipment (the \"Equipment\"):

\[EQUIPMENT\]

1.  **TERM**

The term of this Lease shall commence on \[START DATE\] and shall expire
\[LEASE LENGTH\] months thereafter.

1.  **SHIPPING**

Lessee shall be responsible for shipping the Equipment to Lessee\'s
premises.

1.  **RENT AND DEPOSIT**

    a.  The monthly rent for the Equipment shall be paid in advance in
        installments of \[INSTALLMENT AMOUNT\] each month, beginning on
        \[DATE OF FIRST PAYMENT\] and on the first day of each
        succeeding month throughout the term hereof, at \[ADDRESS FOR
        PAYMENTS\], or at such other place as Lessor may designate from
        time to time. Any installment payment not made by the tenth
        (10th) day of the month shall be considered overdue and in
        addition to Lessor\'s other remedies, Lessor may levy a late
        payment charge equal to one percent (1%) per month on any
        overdue amount. Rent for any partial month shall be prorated.

    b.  Lessee shall pay a deposit in the following amount prior to
        taking possession of the Equipment: \[DEPOSIT AMOUNT\]. The
        deposit will be refunded to Lessee promptly following Lessee\'s
        performance of all obligations in this Lease.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SECURITY DEPOSIT**

Any security deposit made pursuant to this Lease may be applied by
Lessor to cure any default by Lessee of any indebtedness to Lessor and
Lessee shall promptly restore the security deposit to the full original
amount.

1.  **CREDIT INFORMATION**

Lessee certifies that the application, statements, trade references, and
financial reports submitted by Lessee to Lessor are material inducements
to the granting of this Lease and that any material misrepresentation
shall constitute a default under this Lease. Lessee certifies that all
credit and financial information submitted is true and correct and
authorizes Lessor or any prospective creditor to investigate Lessee's
credit worthiness and disclose information and investigation results to
each other.

1.  **USE**

Lessee shall use the Equipment in a careful and proper manner and shall
comply with and conform to all national, state, municipal, police and
other laws, ordinances and regulations in any way relating to the
possession, use or maintenance of the Equipment.

\[OTHER RESTRICTIONS\]

1.  **REPAIRS**

Lessee, at its own cost and expense, shall keep the Equipment in good
repair, condition and working order and shall furnish any and all parts,
mechanisms and devices required to keep the Equipment in good mechanical
working order.

1.  **LOSS AND DAMAGE**

    a.  Lessee hereby assumes and shall bear the entire risk of loss,
        theft, destruction and damage to the Equipment from any and
        every cause whatsoever, whether or not covered by insurance. No
        loss or damage to the Equipment or any part thereof shall impair
        any obligation of Lessee under this Lease which shall continue
        in full force and effect through the term of the Lease.

    b.  In the event of loss or damage of any kind whatever to the
        Equipment, Lessee shall, at Lessor\'s option:

        i.  Place the same in good repair, condition and working order;
            or

        ii. Replace the same with like equipment in good repair,
            condition and working order; or

        iii. Pay to Lessor the replacement cost of the Equipment.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SURRENDER**

Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Lessee shall
return the Equipment to Lessor in good repair, condition and working
order, ordinary wear and tear resulting from proper use thereof alone
excepted, by delivering the Equipment at Lessee\'s cost and expense to
such place as Lessor shall specify within the city or county in which
the same was delivered to Lessee.

1.  **FILING**

Lessee, on request, agrees to execute any instrument necessary to the
filing and recording of this Lease agreement or the equipment. Lessee
further appoints Lessor its true and lawful attorney to prepare,
execute, and sign any and all security agreements, financing statements,
or otherwise, in order to effectuate a lien on the property subject to
this Lease, and to sign the name of Lessee with the same force and
effect as if signed by Lessee, and to file such instruments at the
proper location or locations.

1.  **SERVICE CHARGE AND/OR INTEREST**

If any rental installment is not paid within \[NUMBER\] days after its
due date, Lessee shall pay to Lessor a service charge together with any
expenses incurred in collecting the late payment. Lessee shall also pay
interest on any such late payment from the due date until payment at a
rate up to the maximum rate allowed by law.

1.  **LOCATION AND MAINTENANCE**

At Lessee's own risk, Lessee shall use or permit the use of the
equipment solely at the location specified in this Lease, or if none is
specified, at Lessee's billing address set forth above, and such
equipment shall not be moved without Lessor 's prior written consent.
Lessee, at Lessee's expense, shall maintain the equipment in good
repair, condition, and functional order, shall not use the equipment
unlawfully, and shall not alter the equipment. Lessor shall not be
liable for loss of profit or other consequential damages resulting from
the theft, destruction, or disrepair of the equipment and there shall be
no abatement of Lease payments on account of any such theft,
destruction, or disrepair.

1.  **INSURANCE**

Lessee shall procure and continuously maintain and pay for:

1.  **TAXES**

Lessee shall keep the Equipment free and clear of all levies, liens and
encumbrances. Lessee, or Lessor at Lessee\'s expense, shall report, pay
and discharge when due all license and registration fees, assessments,
sales, use and property taxes, gross receipts, taxes arising out of
receipts from use or operation of the Equipment, and other taxes, fees
and governmental charges similar or dissimilar to the foregoing,
together with any penalties or interest thereon, imposed by any state,
federal or local government or any agency, or department thereof, upon
the Equipment or the purchase, use, operation or leasing of the
Equipment or otherwise in any manner with respect thereto and whether or
not the same shall be assessed against or in the name of Lessor or
Lessee. However, Lessee shall not be required to pay or discharge any
such tax or assessment so long as it shall, in good faith and by
appropriate legal proceedings, contest the validity thereof in any
reasonable manner which will not affect or endanger the title and
interest of Lessor to the Equipment; provided, Lessee shall reimburse
Lessor for any damages or expenses resulting from such failure to pay or
discharge.

1.  **LESSOR\'S PAYMENT**

In case of failure of Lessee to procure or maintain said insurance or to
pay fees, assessments, charges and taxes, all as specified in this
Lease, Lessor shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, to
effect such insurance, or pay said fees, assignments, charges and taxes,
as the case may be. In that event, the cost thereof shall be repayable
to Lessor with the next installment of rent, and failure to repay the
same shall carry with it the same consequences, including interest at
ten percent (10%) per annum, as failure to pay any installment of rent.

1.  **TITLE; PERSONAL PROPERTY**

The equipment is, and shall at all times remain, property of Lessor, and
Lessee shall have no right, title, or interest except as expressly set
forth in this Lease. The equipment is and shall at all times be and
remain personal property although the equipment or any part of it may
now be or hereafter become in any manner affixed or attached to real
property or any improvements. All additions or improvements to the
equipment of any kind or nature made by Lessee shall become component
parts of the equipment, and title shall immediately vest in Lessor and
be governed by the terms of this Lease.

1.  **INDEMNITY**

Lessee shall indemnify Lessor against, and hold Lessor harmless from,
any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, costs, expenses,
damages and liabilities, including reasonable attorney\'s fees and
costs, arising out of, connected with, or resulting from Lessee\'s use
of the Equipment, including without limitation the manufacture,
selection, delivery, possession, use, operation, or return of the
Equipment.

1.  **DEFAULT**

If Lessee fails to pay any rent or other amount herein provided within
ten (10) days after the same is due and payable, or if Lessee fails to
observe, keep or perform any other provision of this Lease required to
be observed, kept or performed by Lessee, Lessor shall have the right to
exercise any one or more of the following remedies:

a.  To sue for and recover all rents, and other payments, then accrued
    or thereafter accruing.

b.  To take possession of the Equipment, without demand or notice,
    wherever same may be located, without any court order or other
    process of law. Lessee hereby waives any and all damages occasioned
    by such taking of possession.

c.  To terminate this Lease.

d.  To pursue any other remedy at law or in equity.

Notwithstanding any repossession or any other action which Lessor may
take, Lessee shall be and remain liable for the full performance of all
obligations on the part of the Lessee to be performed under this Lease.
All of Lessor\'s remedies are cumulative, and may be exercised
concurrently or separately.

1.  **WARRANTIES**

Lessor does not warrant the fitness, merchantability, design, condition,
capacity, suitability, or performance of the property Leased. Lessor
makes no express or implied warranties and Leases the property "as is"
and "with all faults."

Warranties made by the seller and/or manufacturer of the Leased
equipment are assigned by Lessor to Lessee. In event of any claim
concerning the location, installation, repair, or use of the property
Leased or any other claim concerning the property, regardless of cause
or consequence, Lessee's only remedy, if any, is against the seller or
manufacturer of the property. No defect regardless the cause or
consequence shall relieve Lessee from performance under this Lease,
including rental payments.

1.  **BANKRUPTCY**

Neither this Lease nor any interest therein is assignable or
transferable by operation of law. If any proceeding under the Bankruptcy
Act, as amended, is commenced by or against the Lessee, or if the Lessee
is adjudged insolvent, or if Lessee makes any assignment for the benefit
of his creditors, or if a writ of attachment or execution is levied on
the Equipment and is not reLease d or satisfied within ten (10) days
thereafter, or if a receiver is appointed in any proceeding or action to
which the Lessee is a party with authority to take possession or control
of the Equipment, Lessor shall have and may exercise any one or more of
the remedies set forth in Section 14 hereof; and this Lease shall, at
the option of the Lessor, without notice, immediately terminate and
shall not be treated as an asset of Lessee after the exercise of said
option.

1.  **OWNERSHIP**

The Equipment is, and shall at all times be and remain, the sole and
exclusive property of Lessor; and the Lessee shall have no right, title
or interest therein or thereto except as expressly set forth in this
Lease.

1.  **ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS**

If Lessor shall so request, Lessee shall execute and deliver to Lessor
such documents as Lessor shall deem necessary or desirable for purposes
of recording or filing to protect the interest of Lessor in the
Equipment.

1.  **NOTICES**

Service of all notices under this Agreement shall be sufficient if given
personally or mailed certified, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, at the address hereinafter set forth, or to such address as
such party may provide in writing from time to time.

If to Lessor:

\[LESSOR\]

\[LESSOR\'S ADDRESS\]

If to Lessee:

\[LESSEE\]

\[LESSEE\'S ADDRESS\]

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

Without Lessor 's prior written consent, Lessee shall not (a) assign,
transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of this Lease, the equipment, or
any interest therein or (b) sublet or lend the equipment or permit it to
be used by anyone other than Lessee or Lessee's employees.

Lessor may assign this Lease or grant a subsidiary interest in the
equipment in whole or part without notice to Lessee and Lessor 's
assignee or secured party may then assign this Lease or the security
agreement without notice to Lessee. Each such assignee or secured party
shall have all the rights, but none of the obligations, of Lessor under
this Lease. Lessee shall recognize such assignments or security
agreements and shall not assert against the assignees or the secured
parties any defense counterclaim or offset Lessee may have against
Lessor . In spite of any such assignment, Lessor warrants that Lessee
shall quietly enjoy use of the equipment, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Lease. Subject to the foregoing, the Lease inures to
the benefit of and is binding on the respective heirs, legatees,
personal representatives, successors, and assigns of Lessor and Lessee.

1.  **ARBITRATION**

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Lease or its
breach shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules of
\[SPECIFY, SUCH AS: THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION\], and judgment
on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction. Arbitration shall be held in the City of \[CITY,
COUNTY\], and any question of law shall be decided in accordance with
the laws of the State \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Lease shall be construed and enforced according to laws of the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **HEADINGS**

Headings used in this Lease are provided for convenience only and shall
not be used to construe meaning or intent.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This instrument constitutes the entire agreement between Lessor and
Lessee and is irrevocable for its term and for the aggregate rentals
reserved above, and it shall not be amended, altered, or changed except
by a written agreement signed by the parties. Lessee shall provide
Lessor with such corporate resolutions, opinions of counsel, financial
statements, and other documents as Lessor shall request from time to
time. If more than one Lessee is named in this Lease the liability shall
be joint and several. Time is of the essence of this Lease. Any failure
of Lessor to require strict performance by Lessee or any waiver by
Lessor of any provision of the Lease shall not be construed as a consent
or waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision. If any
portion of this Lease is deemed to be invalid, it shall not affect the
rest of this agreement.

Lessee applies to Lessor for a Lease of the above-described property for
commercial purposes and agrees that this Lease is not to be construed as
a consumer contract. If Lessor accepts by executing the Lease below,
Lessee agrees to rent from Lessor and Lessor agrees to rent to Lessee,
the equipment, on all of the terms and conditions of this Lease.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease as of
the day and year first above written.

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
