**EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT**

This Equipment Maintenance Agreement is made and effective \[DATE\],
(the "Maintenance Agreement")

**BETWEEN: \[LESSOR NAME\]** (the "Lessor"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[LESSEE NAME\]** (the \"Lessee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  **ANNUAL RATE FOR SERVICES**

The annual rate for maintenance is \[AMOUNT\] and shall be paid in
advance in installments of \[INSTALLMENT AMOUNT\] each month, beginning
on \[DATE OF FIRST PAYMENT\] and on the first day of each succeeding
month throughout the term hereof, at \[ADDRESS FOR PAYMENTS\], or at
such other place as Lessor may designate from time to time. Any
installment payment not made by the \[DAY\]^th^ day of the month shall
be considered overdue and in addition to Lessor\'s other remedies,
Lessor may levy a late payment charge equal to \[%\] per month on any
overdue amount.

1.  **MAINTENANCE CALLS**

Lessor agrees to provide maintenance service including up to \[NUMBER\]
maintenance calls annually and interim calls as required at the
installation address specified above on the equipment listed. All
charges specified are those currently in effect and are subject to
change only at the time of subsequent annual renewal. If the charges are
increased, the customer may, as of the effective date of such increase,
terminate this Agreement by written notice to the Lessor. Otherwise, the
new charges shall become effective upon the date specified in the
renewal invoice. This Agreement is limited to equipment regularly
operated during a single eight hour shift per day, and all Lessor calls
hereunder are restricted to the normal working hours of the Lessor. To
cover increased maintenance costs, if any piece of equipment is
regularly operated during more than one eight hour shift per day, an
increase in Annual Rate will apply as follows:\
\
\[NUMBER\] Shifts \[%\], \[NUMBER\] Shifts \[%\].\
\
All service commenced outside of Lessor\'s normal working hours will be
charged at published rates for service time and expense only.\

1.  **SERVICES**

The following services are included:

\[FILL IN SERVICES AND EQUIPMENT\]\

Optimum performance of the equipment covered by this Agreement can be
expected only if supplies provided by, or meeting the specifications of
Lessor are used. Lessor shall have full and free access to the equipment
to provide service thereon. If persons other than Lessor\'s
representatives perform maintenance or repairs, and as a result further
work is required by Lessor to restore the equipment to operating
condition, such repairs will be billed at Lessor\'s published time and
material rates then in effect.\

1.  **PAYMENTS**

For service as specified above on the equipment listed, the undersigned
agrees to pay in advance the total annual charge specified below to
Lessor, in accordance with the terms specified on the face of the
invoice.\
\
There shall be added to the charges provided for in this Agreement
amounts equal to any taxes, however designated, levied or based on such
charges or on this Agreement, or on the services rendered or parts
supplied pursuant hereto, including State and Local privilege or excise
taxes based on gross revenue, and any taxes or amounts in lieu thereof
paid or payable by Lessor in respect of the foregoing, exclusive,
however, of taxes based on net income.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

The undersigned represents that he is the Owner of the equipment, or
that he has the Owner\'s authority to enter into this agreement.\
\
This Agreement is subject to acceptance by Lessor, at its Home Office.
It takes effect on the date written above and continues in effect for
one year and will remain in force thereafter, with automatic annual
renewal at then prevailing rates, until cancelled in writing by either
party. If cancelled, the unearned portion of any advance payment will be
credited to the customer.\
\
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease as of
the day and year first above written.

LESSOR LESSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
