**ASSIGNMENT OF ALL RIGHTS **

**IN COMPUTER SOFTWARE**

This Assigment of All Rights in Computer Software (the "Agreement") is
made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SOFTWARE OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Software Owner\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[SOFTWARE BUYER NAME\]** (the \"Software Buyer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

A.  Software Owner represents and warrants that it has full and complete
    ownership of all right, title, and interest in and to certain
    computer software programs commonly known as \[IDENTIFY\] and which
    are described in more detail in Exhibit "A" attached hereto
    (hereinafter referred to as the "Purchased Software"), including but
    not limited to all Copyrights, Trademarks, Tradenames, Service
    Marks, Patents, and other proprietary rights associated with such
    Purchased Software.

B.  Software Owner has marketed the Purchased Software to the general
    public pursuant to the terms of standard form end user software
    licenses, in form attached hereto as Exhibit "B" ("End User
    License").

C.  Attached hereto as Exhibit "C" is a list of all third parties to
    which Software Owner has licensed the right to use the Purchased
    Software pursuant to the terms of the End User License, together
    with the identifying company name, address and telephone number of
    each such licensee.

D.  Software Buyer wished to purchase from the Software Owner, all
    right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Software and to
    assume all obligations under the End User Licenses.

E.  Software Owner wishes to sell the Purchased Software to the Software
    Buyer and convey and assign the End User Licenses to the Software
    Buyer, all in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in
    this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to the
following terms and conditions relative to the sale and purchase of the
Purchased Software.

1.  Software Owner hereby transfers and conveys to the Software Buyer,
    for the Purchase Price described herein, and subject to the terms
    and conditions set forth in this Agreement, all of the Software
    Owner's right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Software,
    in perpetuity, exclusive to the rights of any other party, including
    but not limited to any and all copyrights and rights to copyright
    the Purchased Software, all of the exclusive rights of the owner of
    a copyright under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Act, and all trademarks
    and tradenames used in connection with such Purchased Software,
    including but not limited to the name \[NAME\].

2.  The rights transferred and conveyed to the Software Buyer hereunder
    shall include, but shall not be limited to the following:

\[DESCRIBE\]

1.  The Copyright and right to Copyright the Purchased Software and all
    components and functions thereof, including but not limited to the
    rights under the Copyright Registered with the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright
    Office as \[REGISTRATION NUMBER\], the original certificate of
    registration to be delivered to the Software Buyer.

2.  Any and all international copyrights or the right to claim copyright
    protection under all international laws, treaties and conventions
    and the right to claim copyright protection under the laws of every
    country and jurisdiction in the world to the extent available.

3.  Right, title and ownership in and to all media containing copies of
    the Purchased Program, including but not limited to CD's, floppy
    discs, and all other media contained copies of the Purchased
    Software.

4.  All right, title and interest in and to all documentation,
    tutorials, instructions, help guides and files, and all other
    documents and items relative to the Purchased Software, and all
    proprietary rights, including Copyrights and other rights related
    thereto.

5.  All right, title and interest of the Software Owner to all
    modifications, enhancements, improvements, derivative works and
    other works based in whole or in part upon the Purchased Software.

6.  All right, title, and interest of the Software Owner in, to and
    under all license, agreement, contracts, leases and other documents
    to which the Software Owner is a party or third party beneficiary
    which pertain, directly or indirectly, to the Purchased Software.

7.  All rights to enter into license agreements with parties who may
    currently be using "shareware" versions of the Purchased Software.

8.  All customer lists, shareware user lists and other documentation
    relative to the Purchased Software.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  Upon execution hereof, Software Owner shall deliver to Software
    Buyer a complete and accurate listing of all information in its
    possession regarding software users who have downloaded the
    Purchased Software as Shareware or Demonstration Versions from the
    Internet sites on which the Purchased Software is available for
    download as Shareware.

2.  The Software Buyer shall have the right to any and all revenues
    arising from the licensing of the Purchased Software arising from
    all shareware sources.

3.  The Software Seller represents and warrants to the software buyer
    that it has never offered the Purchased Software as "freeware"
    through any source.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DELIVERY OF MEDIA AND DOCUMENTATION**

Upon execution of this Agreement, Software Owner shall deliver and
convey to the Software Buyer (i) all media containing copies of the
Purchased Software in any form, (ii) all media containing object code
formats of the Purchased Software, (iii) \[NUMBER\] master copies of the
Purchased Software on CD, which master copies shall include both the
source code and object code forms of the Purchased Software, (iv) all
documentation, help files, and other documentation described in this
Agreement, (v) all customer lists, shareware lists and other listings
required by the terms of this Agreement, (vi) original Certificates of
Registration of all aspects of the Purchased Software and other rights
conveyed hereunder, (vii) an originally executed Assignment of
Copyright, in form recordable in the office of the Registrar of
Copyrights, pertaining to all copyrights to be conveyed hereunder,
(viii) all other reports and documents pertain to the Purchased
Software, including but not limited to error reported, virus reports,
customer complaints, customer enhancement and improvement, enhancement
plans, specifications, schematics, suggestions, internal memorandum, and
related correspondence.

1.  **SOFTWARE OWNER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

Software Owner makes the following representations and warranties to the
Software Buyer as material inducements for the Software Buyer to enter
into this transaction and to purchase the Purchased Software. All such
representations and warranties shall survive the conveyance of the
Purchased Software.

1.  From and after the date hereof, Software Owner shall not disclose
    and shall take all affirmative actions necessary to protect against
    the disclosure or use (use by any third party or by the Software
    Owner) of all proprietary technical information related to the
    development of the Purchased Software. Software Owner acknowledges
    and agrees that all such information is proprietarily connected to
    the Purchase Software and that the release, disclosure or use of
    such information would have an adverse affect on the ability of the
    Software buyer to use and exploit the Purchased Software. As such,
    such information shall be considered a "trade secret" of the
    Software Buyer.

2.  All source code and other systems specifications have been protected
    as trade secrets and have not been disclosed to any other party. All
    employees who have had access to any of the same are bound to
    enforceable confidentiality agreements.

3.  Appropriate copyright notices have been included on all publications
    of the Purchased Software.

4.  Any and all independent contractors who have contributed any aspect
    of the development of the Purchased Software have assigned and
    conveyed all of their rights in and to any aspect of the Purchased
    Software to the Software Owner so that upon conveyance hereunder to
    the Software Buyer, Software Buyer will have full and unrestricted
    title and right to all aspects of the Purchased Software and will
    not be subject to any claims from any such independent contractor or
    any other party.

5.  Software Owner has not entered into any remarketer agreements,
    distributions agreements or licenses, or any other agreements that
    licenses or gives and right to any other party or places any
    obligation on the Software Owner regarding the marketing, sale or
    advertising of the Purchased Software.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LICENSE AGREEMENTS**

    1.  Software Owner represents and warrants to the Software Purchaser
        that it has not granted or licensed any rights to use the
        Purchased Software to any party except for those parties ho have
        licensed the use of the Purchased Software pursuant to the
        End-User License, which parties are completely listed in Exhibit
        "B" attached hereto.

    2.  Software Owner represents and warrants to the Software Purchaser
        that a valid and enforceable End-User License is in full force
        and effect with each of the end users listed in Exhibit "B"
        attached hereto and that only the form of End-User License
        attached hereto as Exhibit "A" has been used in connection with
        the license of any rights to use the Purchased Software. Such
        End-User Licenses have not been amended or modified in any way
        from the form attached hereto as Exhibit "A".

    3.  Neither Software Owner nor any other party to and End-User
        License is in default under their obligations under such
        license.

    4.  Software Owner represents and warrants that there are no
        services required to be rendered in connection with any End-User
        License, including but not limited to and training, warranty
        coverage, enhancements, modifications, customer support or any
        other service and Software Owner indemnifies and holds Software
        buyer harmless from and against any and all costs associated
        with the same.

    5.  Software Owner represents and warrants that each end-User
        License is fully assignable to the Software Purchaser without
        the requirement of receiving any consent or approval from the
        end user or any other party.

    6.  All End-User Licenses are hereby transferred and conveyed to the
        Software Buyer. Except as specifically provided herein, Software
        Buyer assumes all responsibility with respect to the End-User
        License except that Software Owner retains responsibility for
        all matters which accrued prior to the date of this Agreement.

    7.  Software Owner shall retain any and all amount paid to the
        Software Owner relative to the End-User Licenses prior to the
        date of this Agreement. Software Buyer shall retain all revenues
        received relative to the End-User Licenses on or after the date
        of this Agreement.

    8.  Software Owner shall be obligated to notify all end users listed
        on Exhibit "B" hereto that Software Owner has sold and conveyed
        the Purchased Software to the Software Buyer. Such notification
        shall include be in form reasonably satisfactory in form and
        content to the Software Buyer. Such notices shall be transmitted
        within \[NUMBER\] days of the date hereof. Any subsequent
        communication with respect to the Purchased Software shall be
        directed to the Software Buyer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DOCUMENTS OF CONVEYANCE AND FURTHER ACTS**

    1.  Software Owner shall have an ongoing obligation following the
        date of this Agreement to execute any documents of conveyance
        and to take all further actions reasonably required by the
        Software Buyer to fully transfer ownership in all items being
        conveyed hereunder to the Software Buyer and to record said
        assignments with all applicable governmental offices and confirm
        the Software Buyer's ownership to any third party.

    2.  The requirement to execute further documents and take further
        actions shall include, but shall not be limited to (i)
        execution, acknowledgements and delivery of affidavits,
        assignments, deeds, bills of sale, confirmations, certificates
        and other documents, (ii) providing depositions and court
        testimony confirming ownership and conveyance, (iii) executing
        certificates to auditors, and (iv) such other actions that are
        reasonably requested by the Software Buyer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES**

Software Owner represents and warrants, in addition to the other
representations and warranties containing in this Agreement, that the
Purchased Software functions in full conformance with the Software
Specifications that have been provided to the Software Buyer in all
material respects. Software Owner shall be responsible to the Software
Buyer for all costs and expenses of the Software Buyer that are
necessary to cause the Purchased Software to function to specification
as a whole or in connection with any End-User.

Except as otherwise specifically warranted in this Agreement, SOFTWARE
OWNER DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

1.  **MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS**

    1.  Any notification or written communication required by or
        contemplated under the terms of this Agreement shall be in
        writing and shall deemed to be delivered if transmitted via
        Email at the Email addresses listed below, except for any notice
        of termination of this Agreement which shall be in writing and
        sent by Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested and shall be
        deemed to have been delivered \[NUMBER\] business days after the
        date of mailing. Email addresses for such notices shall be:

If To Software Buyer: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\]

If To Software Owner: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\]

1.  Neither this Agreement nor any right, interest, duty or obligation
    hereunder may be assigned by the parties hereto except that the
    representations and warranties made by the Software Owner shall
    survive the transfer of the Purchased Software and shall be for the
    benefit of any subsequent assignee or purchaser of the Purchased
    Software from the Software Buyer.

2.  In interpreting the terms of this Agreement, the parties agree that
    the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall be applicable. All
    suits permitted to be brought in any court shall be in
    \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

3.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of
    the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes
    and replaces all prior discussions, agreements, proposals,
    understandings, whether orally or in writing, between the parties
    related to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may
    be changed, modified or amended only in a written agreement that is
    duly executed by authorized representatives of the parties. If any
    provisions hereof is deemed to be illegal or unenforceable by a
    court of competent jurisdiction, the enforceability of effectiveness
    of the remainder of the Agreement shall not be effected and this
    Agreement shall be enforceable without reference to the
    unenforceable provision. No party's waiver of any breach or
    accommodation to the other party shall be deemed to be a waiver of
    any subsequent breach.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

SOFTWARE OWNER SOFTWARE BUYER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
