**COPYRIGHT ASSIGNMENT **

This Assignment of All Rights to Photograph (the "Agreement") is made
and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[ASSIGNOR NAME\]** (the \"Assignor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[ASSIGNEE NAME\]** (the \"Assignee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

WHEREAS, Assignor has prepared, written, created, or developed certain
materials or works pursuant to Assignee specifications entitled Software
Programs, (hereinafter called the \"Work\");

WHEREAS, Assignor desires to transfer entire ownership of the copyright
in the Work to Assignee;

IT IS THEREFORE agreed between Assignor and Assignee as follows:

1.  Assignor hereby grants, transfers, assigns, and conveys to Assignee,
    its successors and

assigns, the entire title, right interest, ownership and all subsidiary
rights in and to the Work,

including but not limited to the right to secure copyright registration
therein and to any resulting

registration in Assignee\'s name as claimant, and the right to secure
renewals, reissues, and

extensions of any such copyright or copyright registration in the
\[COUNTRY\] or any

foreign country.

1.  Whether the copyright in the Work shall be preserved and maintained
    or registered in the

United States of America or any foreign country shall be at the sole
discretion of Assignee.

1.  Assignor hereby confirms that Assignee and its successors and
    assigns, owns the entire title,

right and interest in the work, including the right to reproduce,
prepare derivative works based

upon the copyright in the Work, distribute by sale, by rental, lease or
lending or by other transfer

of ownership; to perform publicly; and to display, in and to the Work,
whether or not the Work

constitutes a \"work made for hire\".

1.  Assignor agrees that no rights in the Work are retained by Assignor.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  Assignor agrees to take all actions and cooperate as is necessary to
    protect the copyright

ability of the Work and further agrees to execute any documents that
might be necessary to

perfect Assignee\'s ownership of copyrights in the Work and to
registration.

1.  All terms of this Agreement are applicable to any portion or part of
    the Work, as well as the

Work in its entirety.

1.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
    hereto; this Agreement

supersedes any prior oral or written agreement or understanding between
the parties.

1.  This Agreement has been interpreted under the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright
    Law; but will be

litigated or prosecuted under the laws of the state of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

ASSIGNOR ASSIGNEE

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
