**INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SALE AGREEMENT**

**This Intellectual Property Sale Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made
and effective \[DATE\],**

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\] (the \"Seller\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:**

**AND: \[BUYER NAME\] (the \"Buyer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:**

**WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of that certain Intellectual Property
identified in details in Schedule A and Schedule B attached to this
Agreement; and **

**WHEREAS, Buyer, wishes to irrevocably acquire the entire rights,
title, and interest in the identified Intellectual Property and exploit
such property. **

**NOW, the parties intent to be legally bound and agree as follows: **

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

**"Technology" means any technology owned by Seller and sold to the
Buyer, related to \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] including, without limitation,
all Intellectual property Rights and Technical Information.**

**"Intellectual Property Rights" means all Patents, Trade Marks,
Copyrights, System Designs, and other intellectual property rights
whether registered or not, owned by Seller and sold to the Buyer,
relating to the Intellectual Property described in Schedule A.**

**"Documents"** includes all information fixed in any tangible medium of
expression in whatever form or format, and copies thereof.

**"Technical Information" means all know-how and related technical
knowledge of the Seller, relating to the Intellectual Property described
in Schedule A including, without limitation:**

**(a) All trade secrets and other proprietary know-how, public
information, non-proprietary know- how and invention disclosures;**

**(b) Any information of a technical or business nature regardless of
its form;**

**(c) All documented research, developmental, demonstration or
engineering work;**

**(d) All information that can be or is used to define a design or
process or procedure, produce, support or operate material and
equipment;**

**(e) All other drawings, blueprints, patterns, plans, flow charts,
equipment, parts lists, software and procedures, specifications,
formulas, designs, technical data, descriptions, related instructions,
manuals, records and procedures.**

1.  **SALE AND ASSIGNMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

**Seller do hereby irrevocably sell and transfer to Buyer all rights,
title, and interest (including but not limited to, all registration
rights, all rights to prepare derivative works, all goodwill and all
other rights), in and to the Intellectual Property. **

1.  **CONSIDERATION **

**In consideration for the sale of rights and assignment set forth in
Article 2, Buyer shall pay Seller the sum of \[AMOUNT\] payable no later
than \[TIME PERIOD\] after this Agreement becomes effective, which means
the full amount must be received by Seller before \[DATE\]. Following is
the breakdown price of the items sold: \[PRODUCT 1\], \[PRODUCT 2\],
\[TRADE MARK 1\], \[ETC\].**

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

**Seller represents and warrants to Buyer:**

**(a) Seller has the right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement;**

**(b) Seller is the exclusive owners of all right, title and interest in
the Technology free of any security interest, charge or encumbrance;**

**(c) Seller warrants that all documents, computer records, disks and
other materials of any nature of kind containing the Technology or any
portion thereof have been turned over to Buyer, and that Seller will not
retain the Technology, or any portion thereof, in any form whatsoever
after the closing of the within transaction except as specifically
permitted hereunder;**

**(d) The Intellectual Property does not infringe the rights of any
person or entity;**

**(e) There are no claims, pending or threatened, with respect to
Seller\'s rights in the Intellectual Property;**

**(f) This Agreement is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance
with its terms;**

**(g) Seller is not subject to any agreement, judgment or order
inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. **

**Should either party hereto, or any heir, personal representative,
successor or assign of either party hereto, resort to litigation to
enforce this Agreement, the party prevailing in such litigation shall be
entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to recover
its or their reasonable attorneys\' fees and costs in such litigation
from the party against whom enforcement was sought. **

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

**This Agreement, contains the entire understanding and agreement
between the parties hereto with respect to its subject matter and
supersedes any prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements,
representations or warranties between them respecting the subject matter
hereof. **

1.  **AMENDMENT **

**This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by both
parties. **

1.  **SEVERABILITY **

**If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or
the application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be
held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable
or void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision,
covenant or condition as applied to other persons, places and
circumstances shall remain in full force and effect. **

-   **NO WAIVER **

No waiver of a breach, failure of any condition, or any right or remedy
contained in or granted by the provisions of this Agreement shall be
effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party waiving the
breach, failure, right, or remedy. No waiver of any breach, failure,
right, or remedy, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver
constitute a continuing waiver unless the writing so specifies.

1.  **AGREEMENT TO PERFORM NECESSARY ACTS **

**Buyer agrees to perform any further acts and execute and deliver any
documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions
of this Agreement. **

-   **REPRESENTATION ON AUTHORITY OF PARTIES/SIGNATORIES **

Each person signing this Agreement represents and warrants that he or
she is duly authorized and has legal capacity to execute and deliver
this Agreement. Each party represents and warrants to the other that the
execution and delivery of the Agreement and the performance of such
party's obligations hereunder have been duly authorized and that the
Agreement is a valid and legal agreement binding on such party and
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

-   **The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only
    and shall neither affect the construction or interpretation of any
    provision in this Agreement nor affect any of the rights or
    obligations of the parties to this Agreement.**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **SURVIVAL**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   ** **

**Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
representations, warranties, and covenants contained in this Agreement,
or in any instrument, certificate, exhibit, or other writing intended by
the parties to be a part of this Agreement, shall survive for \[NUMBER\]
years after the date of this Agreement.**

-   **AMBIGUITIES **

Each party and its counsel have participated fully in the review and
revision of this Agreement. Any rule of construction to the effect that
ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not
apply in interpreting this Agreement. The language in this Agreement
shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or
against any party.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

**This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and all actions
arising hereunder shall be governed by, the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. **

**IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on
\[DATE\], in \[CITY, COUNTRY\] with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.**

**SELLER BUYER**

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

State of \[STATE\]

County of \[COUNTY\]

On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME OF NOTARY\], notary, personally appeared
\[NAME OF PERSON(S) INVOLVED\], personally known to me (or proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s)
is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

Witness my hand and official seal.

Signature[ ]{.underline} Notary

**(*Seal*)**

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**[THE PRODUCTS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE ]{.underline}[B]{.underline}**

**[TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS]{.underline}**
