**MODEL RELEASE AND PERMISSION **

**TO USE PHOTOPGRAPHS**

This Model Release and Permission to Use Photographs (the "Agreement")
is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[WEB SITE OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Web Site Owner\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[MODEL NAME\]** (the \"Model\"), an individual with his main
address located at:

**RECITALS**

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Model hereby irrevocably and
perpetually grants to Web Site Owner the unrestricted right, power and
authority to reproduce, publish, print, distribute, transmit, copy, or
otherwise exploit, in whole or in part, in any medium known or later
discovered, including but not limited to by means of digital
transmission through the Internet, all photographs which are described
in Exhibit "A" attached hereto, including but not limited to all
photographs and images taken of the Model by \[PHOTOGRAPH\] at a photo
shoot held at \[LOCATION\] on \[DATE\], and further including the
photographs which are attached hereto and consecutively numbered
\[NUMBER\] through \[NUMBER\] (all of the above are collectively defines
herein as the "Photographs").

1.  **COPYRIGHTS AND USE OF PHOTOGRAPHS**

The Model acknowledges and agrees that the Web Site Owner may use and
exploit the Photographs in any manner, without restriction of any kind,
and without the necessity of acknowledging the Model's identity, or by
identifying him/her other than with his/her real name.

The Model hereby releases and holds the Web Site Owner harmless from and
against all claims, suits, threats, demands, liabilities, actions and
causes of action, in any way related to the Photographs or the Web Site
Owner's use and exploitation of the Photographs, including but not
limited to actions based upon invasion of privacy, violation of moral
rights, defamation, false light, and all other potential legal theories
of any nature or type, under and state, federal or local common law,
statutory law, rule, regulation or court order, whether now known and
available or whether later developed, discovered or created.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

The Model represents and warrants that he/she is over the age of
majority in the state in which this Release is executed and that the
Model has full power and authority to execute this Release. The Model
has produced a valid driver's license' birth certificate, or other proof
of his/her age to the Web Site Owner. No other party has any interest or
right in and to the Photographs or the exploitation thereof by the Web
Site Owner.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes and
replaces all prior discussions, agreements, proposals, understandings,
whether orally or in writing, between the parties related to the subject
matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be changed, modified or
amended only in a written agreement that is duly executed by authorized
representatives of the parties. If any provisions hereof is deemed to be
illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
enforceability of effectiveness of the remainder of the Agreement shall
not be effected and this Agreement shall be enforceable without
reference to the unenforceable provision. No party's waiver of any
breach or accommodation to the other party shall be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

In interpreting the terms of this Agreement, the parties agree that the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall be applicable. All suits
permitted to be brought in any court shall be in \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

WEB SITE OWNER MODEL

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[THE PHOTOGRAPHS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**
