**MUSIC LICENSE AGREEMENT **

This Music License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Owner\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

WHEREAS, the Owner is the holder of the copyright to certain musical
compositions identified herein and Licensee is the creator and owner of
a certain site on the World Wide Web who wishes to integrate the musical
compositions of Owner into said Web site.

**RECITALS**

A.  Owner represents and warrants to the Licensee that it is the sole
    and exclusive owner of certain musical compositions which are
    described in Exhibit "A" attached hereto and made a part hereof
    (hereinafter referred to as the "Compositions").

B.  Owner represents and warrants that it has registered and obtained
    registration certificate from the \[COUNTRY\] Copyright Office with
    respect to the Compositions and that the registration numbers
    applicable to such Compositions are as set forth in Exhibit "A."

C.  Licensee maintains a site accessible through the World Wide Web,
    which site is located at \[ADDRESS\].

D.  Licensee wishes to obtain a license to use the Compositions in
    connection with its Web Site and Owner wishes to grant Licensee such
    a license subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
    Agreement.

E.  Owner represents and warrants that it has full and unrestricted
    power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to grant
    Licensee the license to use the Compositions as set forth in this
    Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and agreements set
forth herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by the parties, the parties, and for other good and
valuable consideration, each intending to be legally bound hereby, do
promise and agree as follows:

1.  The license granted hereunder shall be a non-exclusive, worldwide,
    royalty free (subject only to the one time licensing fee set forth
    herein) right to use the Compositions, subject to the terms and
    conditions set forth herein.

2.  The term of this license shall be perpetual, unless terminated
    pursuant to the terms hereof.

3.  The license granted herein shall be limited to the right to
    integrate the Compositions into the Web Site of the Licensee.
    Licensee shall have no right to offer the Compositions for sale or
    otherwise distribute, publish, grant any sub-licenses, sell, rent,
    convey, offer for download or otherwise exploit the Compositions.
    Licensee shall not be permitted to create any derivative works based
    upon the Compositions.

4.  Licensee shall be permitted to use portions, and not the entire
    Compositions, in connection with its Web Site without violating any
    rights of the Owner hereunder. The License granted herein includes
    the right to synchronize and integrate the Compositions into the
    Licensee's Web Site design and include the Compositions in
    connection with Flash presentations, applets, page loads, online
    video presentations, and any other use that integrates the
    Compositions into the design of the Licensee's Web Site.

5.  It is acknowledged and agrees by the Owner that users who access the
    Licensee's Web Site will be permitted to hear the Compositions upon
    accessing the Licensee's Web Site and that such access by users
    shall be permitted pursuant to the terms hereof. It is further
    acknowledged by the Owner that the Licensee cannot prevent users
    from violating the copyrights and other proprietary rights of the
    Owner and that Licensee is not responsible for the infringing acts
    of users. Owner holds Licensee harmless from and against any acts of
    the users that may infringe upon the rights of the Owner, including
    but not limited to actions based upon contributory infringements or
    any theory based upon the Licensee providing users with the means
    and facilities through which copyright or other proprietary rights
    infringement may take place.

6.  The License granted herein includes the right to adapt the
    Compositions to an appropriate file format for access through the
    World Wide Web, including WAV files, Mp3 format, or any other format
    which will permit integration into the Licensee's Web Site and
    access to the Compositions over the World Wide Web.

7.  Owner hereby grants to the Licensee the right to use the name of the
    Owner and the composer and artists involved in the Compositions in
    connection with it's Web Site. Owner represents and warrants that it
    has the full right and permission to grant such licenses and
    permissions from all such individuals.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMPENSATION FOR LICENSE**

    1.  In consideration of the license granted herein, Licensee agree
        to pay a one-time license fee to the Owner in an amount equal to
        \[AMOUNT\] ("License Fee").

    2.  Such License Fee shall be due and payable in full within
        \[NUMBER\] days following the execution of this Agreement. The
        right to use the Compositions pursuant to this Agreement shall
        not commence until such License Fee is paid in full.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  The license granted hereunder to use the Compositions within the
    scope and terms set forth herein shall be perpetual, but may be
    terminated by the Owner upon a breach hereof by the Licensee.

2.  Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and the
    license granted herein upon written notice to the Licensee upon the
    occurrence of the following events:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  Licensee makes any use of the Compositions beyond the scope of the
    license granted herein.

B.  Licensee files a petitions in bankruptcy or an involuntary
    bankruptcy petition is filed against Licensee, Licensee is
    adjudicated to be insolvent, Licensee makes an assignment for the
    benefit of creditors, Licensee discontinues its business, or if a
    receiver is appointed over Licensee's business and is not discharged
    within \[NUMBER\] days following appointment.

C.  Licensee assigns or attempts to assign this License Agreement in
    violations of the terms hereof.

D.  Licensee engages in any activity which infringes upon any trademark,
    copyright, patent, or other proprietary right of the Owner.

    1.  Upon any termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall cease and
        desist from all use of the Compositions and shall immediately
        remove the Compositions from its Web Site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

Owner makes the following representations and warranties to the
Licensee, which representations and warranties shall apply during the
term of this Agreement and shall continue to apply following the
terminations of this Agreement. Owner shall indemnify and hold the
Licensee harmless from and against matters that arise relating to the
representations and warranties of the Owner made herein.

1.  **COPYRIGHT NOTICES/RETAINED RIGHTS**

    1.  Licensee shall place on its web site a notice of copyright
        relative to the Compositions and credits to the songwriter and
        artists performing in the Compositions. Such copyright notice
        shall be included on each page of the Web Site that includes the
        Compositions as the sound component of such page.

    2.  Owner shall retain the copyright to the Compositions and all
        right, title and interest in and to the Compositions, including
        the right to publish, distribute, publicly perform, modify,
        enhance, change and improve, and all other exclusive rights of
        the copyright owner, except only for the right of license
        granted to Licensee hereunder.

    3.  Licensee hereby agrees to and acknowledges the rights retained
        by the Owner hereunder and acknowledges that the Owner shall
        retain all exclusive rights of the owner and holder of a
        copyright. Licensee agrees that it shall not challenge or
        dispute any of Owner's exclusive rights or right, title and
        interest in and to the Compositions or the copyrights thereof.

    4.  Owner shall have the sole right to pursue any party that
        infringes upon the Owner's Copyright or other proprietary rights
        in and to the Compositions and shall shoulder all expenses of
        prosecuting such infringement actions against third parties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **RESPONSIBILITY FOR WEB SITE**

Licensee shall be solely responsible for the content of its Web Site and
for assuring compliance of such site with applicable laws. Licensee
shall hold Owner harmless from and against any and all claims related to
the content of the Licensee's Web Site.

1.  **MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **Notices **

Any notification or written communication required by or contemplated
under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall deemed
to be delivered if transmitted via Email at the Email addresses listed
below, except for any notice of termination of this Agreement which
shall be in writing and sent by Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested
and shall be deemed to have been delivered \[NUMBER\] business days
after the date of mailing. Email addresses for such notices shall be:

If To Owner: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\]

If To Licensee: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\]

1.  **No Assignment **

Neither this Agreement nor any right, interest, duty or obligation
hereunder may be assigned by the parties hereto.

1.  **Governing law**

In interpreting the terms of this Agreement, the parties agree that the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall be applicable. All suits
permitted to be brought in any court shall be in \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **Entire agreement**

This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes and
replaces all prior discussions, agreements, proposals, understandings,
whether orally or in writing, between the parties related to the subject
matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be changed, modified or
amended only in a written agreement that is duly executed by authorized
representatives of the parties. If any provisions hereof is deemed to be
illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
enforceability of effectiveness of the remainder of the Agreement shall
not be effected and this Agreement shall be enforceable without
reference to the unenforceable provision. No party's waiver of any
breach or accommodation to the other party shall be deemed to be a
waiver of any subsequent breach.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

OWNER LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT A]{.underline}**

**[COMPOSITIONS]{.underline}**
