**TECHNOLOGY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT**

This Technology Assignment Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[DEVELOPER NAME\]** (the \"Developer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

NOW, the parties intent to be legally bound and agree as follows:

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

Developer hereby assigns to the Company exclusively throughout the world
all right, title and interest (choate or inchoate) in (i) the subject
matter referred to in Exhibit A (\"Technology\"), (ii) all precursors,
portions and work in progress with respect thereto and all inventions,
works of authorship, mask works, technology, information, know-how,
materials and tools relating thereto or to the development, support or
maintenance thereof and (iii) all copyrights, patent rights, trade
secret rights, trademark rights, database rights and all other
intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort and all
business, contract rights and goodwill in, incorporated or embodied in,
used to develop, or related to any of the foregoing (collectively
\"Intellectual Property\").

1.  **CONSIDERATION**

The Company agrees to issue to Developer \[NUMBER\] shares of common
stock of the Company on the date of this Agreement pursuant to the
provisions of a Stock Purchase Agreement of even date herewith between
the Company and Developer. Such shares shall be the only consideration
required of the Company with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement.

Developer agrees to assist the Company in every legal way to evidence,
record and perfect the Section 1 assignment and to apply for and obtain
recordation of and from time to time enforce, maintain, and defend the
assigned rights. If the Company is unable for any reason whatsoever to
secure the

Developer\'s signature to any document it is entitled to under this
Section 3, Developer hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the
Company and its duly authorized officers and agents, as his agents and
attorneys-in-fact with full power of substitution to act for and on his
behalf and instead of Developer, to execute and file any such document
or documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the
purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if
executed by Developer.

To the extent allowed by law, Section 1 includes all rights of
paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights
that may be known as or referred to as \"moral rights,\" \"artist\'s
rights,\" \"droit moral\" or the like (collectively \"Moral Rights\").
To the extent Developer retains any such Moral Rights under applicable
law, Developer hereby ratifies and consents to, and provides all
necessary ratifications and consents to, any action that may be taken
with respect to such Moral Rights by or authorized by Company; Developer
agrees not to assert any Moral Rights with respect thereto. Developer
will confirm any such ratifications, consents and agreements from time
to time as requested by Company.

1.  **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

Developer will not use or disclose anything assigned to the Company
hereunder or any other technical or business information or plans of the
Company, except to the extent Developer (i) can document that it is
generally available (through no fault of Developer) for use and
disclosure by the public without any charge, license or restriction, or
(ii) is permitted to use or disclose such information or plans pursuant
to the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement by and between
Developer and the Company of even date herewith. Developer recognizes
and agrees that there is no adequate remedy at law for a breach of this
Section 4, that such a breach would irreparably harm the Company and
that the Company is entitled to equitable relief (including, without
limitations, injunctions) with respect to any such breach or potential
breach in addition to any other remedies.

1.  **WARRANTY**

Developer represents and warrants to the Company that the Developer: (i)
was the sole owner (other than the Company) of all rights, title and
interest in the Intellectual Property and the Technology, (ii) has not
assigned, transferred, licensed, pledged or otherwise encumbered any
Intellectual Property or the

Technology or agreed to do so, (iii) has full power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and to make the assignment as provided in
Section 1 (iv) is not aware of any violation, infringement or
misappropriation of any third party\'s rights (or any claim thereof) by
the Intellectual Property or the Technology, \[(v) was not acting within
the scope of employment by any third party when conceiving, creating or
otherwise performing any activity with respect to anything purportedly
assigned in Section 1,\] and (vi) is not aware of any questions or
challenges with respect to the patentability or validity of any

claims of any existing patents or patent applications relating to the
Intellectual Property.

-   **NOTICE **

Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be given
in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person, (b) by certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) by facsimile, or (d) by a
commercial overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery and
provides a receipt, and such notices shall be addressed to the
above-mentioned addresses or to such other address as either party may
from time to time specify in writing to the other party. Any notice
shall be effective only upon delivery, which for any notice given by
facsimile shall mean notice which has been received by the party to whom
it is sent as evidenced by confirmation slip.

-   **MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   This Agreement may be supplemented, amended, or modified only by the
    mutual agreement of the parties. No supplement, amendment, or
    modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless it is in
    writing and signed by all parties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   This Agreement and all other agreements, exhibits, and schedules
    referred to in this Agreement constitute(s) the final, complete, and
    exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the
    parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement and
    supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings or
    agreements of the parties. This Agreement may not be contradicted by
    evidence of any prior or contemporaneous statements or agreements.
    No party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, nor is
    any party relying on, any representation, understanding, agreement,
    commitment or warranty outside those expressly set forth in this
    Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   If any term or provision of this Agreement is determined to be
    illegal, unenforceable, or invalid in whole or in part for any
    reason, such illegal, unenforceable, or invalid provisions or part
    thereof shall be stricken from this Agreement, and such provision
    shall not affect the legality, enforceability, or validity of the
    remainder of this Agreement. If any provision or part thereof of
    this Agreement is stricken in accordance with the provisions of this
    section, then this stricken provision shall be replaced, to the
    extent possible, with a legal, enforceable, and valid provision that
    is as similar in tenor to the stricken provision as is legally
    possible.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **ATTORNEY FEES PROVISION **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   In any litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding by which one
    party either seeks to enforce its rights under this Agreement
    (whether in contract, tort, or both) or seeks a declaration of any
    rights or obligations under this Agreement, the prevailing party
    shall be awarded its reasonable attorney fees, and costs and
    expenses incurred.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

It is agreed that this agreement shall be governed by, construed, and
enforced in accordance with the laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

COMPANY DEVELOPER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
