**TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Trademark License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, simultaneously with this Agreement, the parties hereto have
entered into a license agreement (the \"License Agreement \") whereby
Licensor has granted Licensee an exclusive license to all existing
versions of a software program known as \"The Software\" (the
\"Product\") and all related documentation, if any, solely for and to
the \[IDENTIFY\] Market (as defined herein);

WHEREAS, Licensor is the owner of certain trademarks, including without
limitation, any logos, designs, variations or translations thereof,
identified on Schedule A (collectively, the \"Mark\") and the exclusive
right to use and license the use thereof;

WHEREAS, Licensee desires to use the Mark on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement in connection with its distribution of the
Work; and

WHEREAS, Licensee recognizes that the valuable reputation and goodwill
attaching to the Mark is dependent for its preservation on the high
quality standards prescribed and established by Licensor and,
accordingly, Licensee is willing to comply with licensor\'s standards in
order to obtain such quality and to cooperate with Licensor in
preserving the reputation and goodwill attaching to the Mark;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

1.  **LICENSE**

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee the non-exclusive worldwide right and
license to use the Mark on or in connection with the Product for the
\[IDENTIFY\] Market. \"\[IDENTIFY\] Market\" shall mean distribution to
or through licensee\'s \[IDENTIFY AND DESCRIBE\]. Specifically excluded
from the \[IDENTIFY\] Market are sales made through retail outlets,
whether through computer specialty stores, book stores, stationery
stores, chain stores, or other retail markets.

1.  **TERM**

This Agreement and the license granted hereunder shall commence on the
date hereof and shall continue until terminated in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement.

As compensation for the rights and license granted hereunder, Licensee
shall pay directly to Licensor and any party identified on Schedule B
hereto, at the times and in the manner hereinafter set forth in such
Schedule B, royalties equal in amount to the percentages set forth
therein (\"Royalties\"). The acceptance by Licensor or any party
identified on Schedule B hereto of any tender of payment of any
Royalties in an amount which is less than the total amount due
(inclusive of interest, if any), shall not be deemed a waiver of such
party\'s right to receive the balance (including interest).

1.  **TRADEMARKS**

    a.  Licensee hereby acknowledges Licensor\'s right, title and
        interest in and to the Mark and Licensor's exclusive right to
        use and license the use of the Mark and agrees not to claim any
        title to the Mark or any right to use the Mark except as
        permitted by this Agreement. Licensee shall prominently display
        the Mark on all versions of the Product and shall include all
        notices and legends with respect to Licensor's trademarks and
        trade names as are or may be required by applicable federal,
        state and local trademark laws or which may be reasonably
        requested by Licensor.

    b.  Licensee shall at no time adopt or use, without Licensor's prior
        written consent, any variation of the Mark, including
        translations, or any mark likely to be similar to or confusing
        with the Mark. In the event that Licensor consents to any
        variation of the Mark, Licensee hereby agrees that Licensor
        shall own such new mark and shall, at its cost and expense, file
        and obtain in Licensor's name all United States and
        international trademark registrations. Licensor agrees to give
        Licensee reasonable assistance, including execution and delivery
        of all documents required by Licensee, in filing such
        applications for trademark registration.

        i.  Licensee shall not contest or deny the validity or
            enforceability of the Mark or oppose or seek to cancel any
            registration thereof by Licensor, or aid or abet others in
            doing so, either during the term of this Agreement or at any
            time thereafter.

        ii. Licensee agrees that it shall conduct the merchandising and
            sale of any version of the Product in a dignified manner,
            consistent with and enhancing the general reputation of the
            Mark and Licensor, and in accordance with good trademark
            practice.

        iii. Any and all goodwill arising from licensee\'s use of the
             Mark shall insure solely to the benefit of Licensor, and
             neither during nor after the termination of this Agreement
             and the license granted hereunder shall Licensee assert any
             claim to the Mark or such goodwill. Licensee shall not take
             any action that could be detrimental to the goodwill
             associated with the Mark or with Licensor.

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    a.  Licensee shall, during the term of this Agreement and after
        termination hereof, execute such documents as Licensor may
        request from time to time to ensure that all right, title and
        interest in and to the Mark reside with Licensor.

    b.  The provisions of this Section 4 shall survive any termination
        of this Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Licensee shall furnish to Licensor prior to any use, for the
    approval of Licensor, copies of any version of the Product to be
    sold by Licensee using the Mark (the \"Samples\") and copies of
    formats of all advertising and promotional material on which the
    Mark appears (the \"Materials\"). Licensor shall have the right to
    approve or disapprove any or all Samples or Materials. Any Samples
    and/or Materials submitted to Licensor shall be deemed approved
    unless Licensor notifies Licensee to the contrary within \[NUMBER\]
    days after receipt of such Samples and/or Materials. Licensee shall
    not distribute, sell or advertise any version of the Product unless
    and until the Sample for such versions of the Product has been
    approved or deemed approved by Licensor pursuant to this Section 5.
    All versions of the Product developed, manufactured, distributed,
    sold, and advertised by Licensee shall conform to the Sample
    approved or deemed approved by Licensor.

b.  Licensee shall comply at all times at its sole expense with all
    applicable laws/regulations pertaining to the development, creation,
    promotion, sale, license or sublicense, and distribution of the
    Product.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **CREDITS**

    a.  The Product and all elements thereof shall be known as \"The
        \[IDENTIFY\] Software\" and the credits set forth in Schedule C
        hereto shall be placed on the title on the screen, the label on
        the diskettes, and in any manuals or other documentation
        relating to the Product.

    b.  The display of the names of those being accorded credit as a
        developer as set forth in Schedule C hereto shall be equal in
        all respects in size and prominence.

    c.  Any party being accorded credit as an original developer of the
        Product as set forth above shall have the right to remove its
        name at any time for any reason upon reasonable written notice
        to Licensee and such change in credit shall in no way affect any
        royalties to be paid to such party.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, LICENSOR SHALL HAVE
    NO LIABILITY TO LICENSEE FOR OR IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD
    PARTY THAT LICENSEE\'S USE OF THE TRADEMARK PURSUANT TO THIS
    AGREEMENT INFRINGES UPON OR OTHERWISE VIOLATES ANY PROPRIETARY OR
    OTHER RIGHTS OF SUCH THIRD PARTY OTHER THAN A CLAIM THAT LICENSEE\'S
    USE OF THE MARK PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT VIOLATES THE CONTRACTUAL
    RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER LICENSEE OF LICENSOR.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Licensee, at its expense, shall defend and indemnify and hold Licensor
harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims, causes of
actions, suits, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys \'
fees and expenses, which Licensor becomes liable for, or may incur or be
compelled to pay by reason of claims (i) of infringement of any patent,
copyright or trademark or (ii) any actions, whether of omission or
commission, that may be committed or suffered by Licensee or any of its
directors, officers, agents, or affiliates in connection with
licensee\'s performance of this Agreement or in connection with any new
versions, Licensee versions, or derivative products developed, created,
published, distributed, sold, licensed, or advertised by Licensee,
irrespective of whether any prior approvals shall have been given by
Licensor with respect thereto. The provisions of this Section shall
survive the termination of this Agreement.

1.  **BEST EFFORTS**

Licensee shall use its best efforts to promote the Product sold under
the Mark and to coordinate the development, creation, distribution,
sale, licensing or sublicensing, and advertising of the Product sold
under the Mark so as to maintain and enhance the value of the goodwill
residing in the Mark and to produce the maximum amount of Royalties
under this Agreement consistent with the quality standards established
by Licensor.

1.  **COMPETING PRODUCTS**

Licensee agrees that during the term of this Agreement it will not
publish, market, distribute, sell, license, or otherwise exploit another
computer software package that is substantially and functionally similar
to the Product or that is targeted for the same general market or is
likely to interfere with or diminish to a material extent sales of the
Product.

a.  Except as otherwise provided herein, if after \[NUMBER\] years from
    the date hereof Licensor has not received at least \[AMOUNT\] in
    Royalties from Licensee, Licensor shall have the right to terminate
    this Agreement at any time thereafter upon \[NUMBER\] prior written
    notice.

b.  Either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon
    the following:

    i.  If either Licensor or Licensee defaults in the performance or
        observance of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement
        and such default is not remedied within \[NUMBER\] days (or
        \[NUMBER\] days in the event that Licensee defaults in the
        payment of any of the Royalties) after written notice specifying
        the nature of the default is received by the defaulting party,
        then the non-defaulting party shall have the right to terminate
        this Agreement by written notice to the defaulting party;

    ii. If any of the following events occur: (1) insolvency or the
        making by a party to this Agreement of an assignment for the
        benefit of creditors; (2) the filing by or against a party
        hereto of, or the entry of an order for relief against a party
        hereto in, any voluntary or good faith involuntary proceeding
        under any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or receivership
        law, including, but not limited to, the Bankruptcy Code, or an
        admission seeking relief as therein allowed, which filing or
        order shall not have been vacated within \[NUMBER\] days from
        the entry thereof; (3) the appointment of a receiver for all or
        a substantial portion of such party\'s property and such
        appointment shall not be discharged or vacated within \[NUMBER\]
        days of the date thereof; or (4) the assumption of custody,
        attachment or sequestration by a court of competent jurisdiction
        of all or a significant portion of such party\'s property, then
        the other party to the Agreement shall have the right to
        terminate this Agreement by written notice to the party affected
        by such occurrence. No assignee for the benefit of creditors,
        receiver, liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, sheriff or any
        other officer of the court or official charged with taking over
        custody of the assets or business of a party to this Agreement
        shall have any right to continue performance of this Agreement,
        and this Agreement may not be assigned by operation of law.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  The exercise of any right of termination under this Section shall
    not affect any rights which have accrued prior to termination,
    including licensee\'s obligation to make payments pursuant to the
    terms herein, and shall be without prejudice to any other legal or
    equitable remedies to which the terminating party may be entitled by
    reason of such rights.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **EFFECTS OF AND PROCEDURE ON TERMINATION**

    a.  Upon the termination of this Agreement all rights of Licensee
        under the licenses granted hereunder shall terminate and
        automatically revert to Licensor and Licensee shall immediately
        discontinue the use of the Mark and thereafter shall no longer
        use or have the right to use the Mark or any variation or
        simulation thereof, or any word or mark similar thereto, or to
        (directly or indirectly) develop, create, market, distribute,
        sell, license or sublicense, or advertise the Product or any
        other products in connection with the Mark. Licensee
        acknowledges that licensee\'s failure to cease the use of the
        Mark upon termination of this Agreement shall result in
        immediate and irreparable damage to Licensor and to the rights
        of any subsequent licensee. Licensee acknowledges and admits
        that there is not adequate remedy at law for such failure, and
        agrees that in the event of such failure, Licensor shall be
        entitled to equitable relief by way of temporary and permanent
        injunction and further relief as any court with jurisdiction may
        deem just.

    b.  In the event that Licensee terminates this Agreement for any
        reason, Licensee hereby agrees not to develop, create, market,
        publish, distribute, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any
        word processing computer software packages or any other
        derivative word processing products for a period of \[NUMBER\]
        months after such termination.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES**

The relationship of Licensee to Licensor is that of an independent
contractor and neither Licensee nor its agents or employees shall be
considered employees of Licensor. This Agreement does not constitute and
shall not be construed as constituting a partnership or joint venture or
grant of a franchise between Licensor and Licensee. This Agreement shall
not be construed as authority for either party to act for the other
party in any agency or other capacity or to make commitments of any kind
for the account of or on behalf of the other, except to the extent and
for the purposes provided herein.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

Neither this Agreement nor all or any portion of the rights licensed to
Licensee herein shall be assigned by either party without the prior
written consent of the other party which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. The rights and obligations of the parties hereto
shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding and enforceable upon, the
respective successors and assigns of the parties.

1.  **MERGER**

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties
hereto concerning the subject matter hereof, all prior understandings
having been merged herein. This Agreement cannot be modified or amended
except by a writing signed by the parties hereto.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice, request or other communication to any party by any other
party as provided for herein shall be given in writing and shall be
deemed given on the earlier of the date (i) actually received and
acknowledged, (ii) \[NUMBER\] days after mailing by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iii)
immediately following its delivery, evidenced by receipt, to any
reputable overnight carrier or transmission via facsimile, in each case
addressed to the intended recipient at its address (or facsimile
transmission number) set forth herein. The places to which notices are
to be given hereunder may be changed from time to time by written notice
to all other parties as aforesaid.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; VENUE**

This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted under, the laws of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] applicable to contracts made and to be performed
therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law.
Except in respect to an action commenced by a third party in another
jurisdiction, the parties hereto hereby agree that any legal suit
action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement must
be instituted in a federal or state court location in the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to
the jurisdiction of any such court and waive any objection to the laying
of venue in, or the inconvenience of, such forum.

1.  **WAIVER**

No waiver by any party of any breach of any provision hereof shall
constitute a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision
hereof.

1.  **ATTORNEYS\' FEES**

In any action between the parties to enforce any of the terms of this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover expenses,
including reasonable Attorneys \' fees.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**["]{.underline}[THE MARK]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE B]{.underline}**

**["]{.underline}[ROYALTIES]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE C]{.underline}**

**["]{.underline}[THE CREDITS]{.underline}["]{.underline}**
