**ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION**

**NOT FOR PROFIT CORPORATION**

These Articles of Incorporation (the "Agreement") are made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BY: \[FIRST INCORPORATOR NAME\]** (the \"First Incorporator\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND INCORPORATOR NAME\]** (the \"Second Incorporator\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

1.  **ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF \[NFP CORPORATION NAME\] **

The undersigned, acting as incorporators of a corporation under the Not
for Profit Corporation Act of the State of \[NAME\], adopt the following
articles of incorporation for such corporation:

1.  **NAME OF THE CORPORATION**

The name of the corporation, hereinafter referred to as the
\"Corporation\" is \[NAME\].

1.  **PERIOD OF DURATION**

The period of duration of the Corporation is perpetual.

1.  **PURPOSES OF THE CORPORATION**

The Corporation is organized exclusively for charitable, religious,
educational, and scientific purposes, including for such purposes, the
making of distributions to organizations that qualify as exempt

organizations under section \[NUMBER\] of \[REVENUE CODE OR LAW\], or
corresponding section of any future federal tax code. The Corporation
may receive and administer funds for scientific, religious, educational,
and charitable purposes, within the meaning of Section \[NUMBER\] of
\[REVENUE CODE OR LAW\] and to that end, the Corporation is empowered to
hold any property, or any undivided interest therein, without limitation
as to amount or value; to dispose of any such property and to invest,
reinvest, or deal with the principal or the income in such manner as, in
the judgment of the directors, will best promote the purposes of the
Corporation, without limitation, except such limitations, if any, as may
be contained in the instrument under which such property is received,
these Articles of Incorporation, the By-Laws of the Corporation, or any
applicable laws, to do any other act or thing incidental to or connected
with the foregoing purposes or in advancement thereof, but not for the
pecuniary profit or financial gain of its directors or officers except
as permitted under the Not-for-Profit Corporation Law.

1.  **EARNINGS**

No part of the net earnings of the Corporation shall inure to the
benefit of any member, trustee, officer of the Corporation, or any
private individual, except that reasonable compensation may be paid for

services rendered to or for the Corporation affecting one or more of its
purposes, and no member, trustee, officer of the Corporation, or any
private individual shall be entitled to share in the distribution of any
of the corporate assets on dissolution of the Corporation. No
substantial part of the activities of the Corporation shall be the
carrying on of propaganda, or otherwise attempting, to influence
legislation, and the Corporation shall not participate in or intervene
in, including the publication or distribution of statements, any
political campaign on behalf of any candidate for public office.

1.  **DISSOLUTION**

Upon the dissolution of the Corporation or the winding up of its
affairs, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed exclusively
to one or more charitable, religious, scientific, testing for public
safety, literary, or educational organizations which would then qualify
under the provisions of Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[REVENUE CODE OR
LAW\] and its Regulations as they now exist or as they may be hereafter
amended, or to the federal government, or to a state or local
government, for a public purpose. Any such assets not so disposed of
shall be disposed of by the Court of Common Pleas of the county in which
the principal office of the Corporation is then located, exclusively for
such purposes or to such organization or organizations as said Court
shall determine, which are organized and operated exclusively for such
purposes.

1.  **QUALIFICATIONS FOR MEMBERS**

The qualifications for members and the manner of their admissions shall
be regulated by the By-laws.

1.  **ADDRESS OF THE CORPORATION**

The initial street address in the state of \[NAME\] of the initial
registered office of the Corporation is \[LOCATION\], and the name of
the initial registered agent at such address is \[NAME\].

1.  **TERRITORY**

The territory in which the operations of the Corporation are principally
to be conducted is \[COUNTRY\] and its territories and possessions, but
the operations of the Corporation shall not be limited to such
territory.

1.  **BOARD OF DIRECTORS**

The initial board of directors shall consist of at least three (3)
members, who need not be residents of the state of \[NAME\].

1.  **ELECTION OF DIRECTORS**

The names and addresses of the persons who shall serve as directors
until the first annual meeting of members, or until their successors
shall have been elected and qualified, are as follows:

\[DESCRIBE\]

1.  **INCORPORATORS**

The names and addresses of the initial incorporators are as follows:

\[NAMES\]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have made and subscribed to these
Articles of Incorporation at \[LOCATION\] on \[DATE\].

FIRST INCORPORATOR SECOND INCORPORATOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
