**ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION**

These Articles of Association (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[FIRST PARTNER NAME\]** (the \"First Partner\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND PARTNER NAME\]** (the \"Second Partner\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

The parties agree to be partners under and by the name of* *\[NAME OF
PARTNERSHIP ASSOCIATION\] and to engage in the business of \[DESCRIBE\],
according to the following terms and provisions:

1.  **DURATION**

The partnership association will commence on the execution of this
agreement and continue for a period of \[NUMBER\] years, after which it
may be continued for another period of \[NUMBER\] years, or for such
time as the partners may then see fit.

1.  **CONTRIBUTION**

Each of the partners is contributing the partner's skill and labor to
the partnership, and it is understood that each partner will be paid
wages or a salary for such labor as the partner may perform.

1.  **WAGES OR SALARIES**

The members of the partnership shall constitute the committee of the
whole, which committee shall fix the wages or salaries to be paid.

1.  **MANAGING PARTNER**

To conduct and manage the affairs of the partnership, \[NAME\] shall be
managing partner. \[NAME\] shall have the full authority to conduct,
manage, operate, and arrange all the business affairs of the
partnership, to hire and fire other employees needed to carry on the
business, determine the wages and make contracts with the employees,
enter into other contracts in the name of and for the partnership, and
in general do anything ordinarily done by the manager of a business.

1.  **BOOKS OF ACCOUNT**

One member of the partnership shall keep the books of account, and these
books shall be open to examination by any member at any reasonable time.
Entries shall consist of all money received and expended in and about
the business, as well as all equipment or other material purchased for
the partnership with partnership funds, and all other matters involving
money of the partnership.

1.  **DIVISION OF PROFITS**

At the end of each year, or at such time as the committee of the whole
may decide, the profits of the partnership shall be distributed in the
following proportions: \[DESCRIBE\]. It is agreed, however, that the
expenses of the business shall be borne equally and that all operating
expenses shall be deducted before profit is determined.

1.  **AMENDMENTS**

It is agreed that this partnership agreement may be amended at any time
or from time to time in the judgment of the partners, but such
amendments shall be formal and written and signed by all of the
partners.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement at
\[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] the day and year first above written.

FIRST PARTNER SECOND PARTNER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
