**[BY-LAWS]{.underline}[ OF
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[CORPORATION]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**

[These By-Laws of \[CORPORATION\] (the "Agreement") are made and
effective \[DATE\].]{.underline}

1.  **CORPORATE OFFICES**

    1.  **Principal Office**

[The Board of Directors shall fix the location of the principal
executive office of the corporation at any place within or outside the
State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. If the principal executive office is
located outside \[STATE/PROVINCE\] and the corporation has one or more
business offices in \[STATE/PROVINCE\], then the Board of Directors
shall fix and designate a principal business office in
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **Other Offices**

[The Board of Directors may at any time establish branch or subordinate
offices at any place or places.]{.underline}

1.  **MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS**

    1.  **Place Of Meetings**

[Meetings of shareholders shall be held at any place within or outside
the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] designated by the Board of Directors. In
the absence of any such designation, shareholders\' meetings shall be
held at the principal executive office of the corporation or at any
place consented to in writing by all persons entitled to vote at such
meeting, given before or after the meeting and filed with the Secretary
of the corporation.]{.underline}

1.  **Annual Meeting**

[An annual meeting of shareholders shall be held each year on a date and
at a time designated by the Board of Directors. At that meeting,
directors shall be elected. Any other proper business may be transacted
at the annual meeting of shareholders.]{.underline}

1.  **Special Meetings**

[Special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time, subject
to the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of these By-Laws, by the Board
of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or the holders of
shares entitled to cast not less than \[%\] of the votes at that
meeting.]{.underline}

[If a special meeting is called by anyone other than the Board of
Directors or the President or the Chairman of the Board, then the
request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the
general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be
delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by other written
communication to the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice
President or the Secretary of the corporation. The officer receiving the
request forthwith shall cause notice to be given to the shareholders
entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and
2.5 of these By-Laws, that a meeting will be held at the time requested
by the person or persons calling the meeting, so long as that time is
not less than \[NUMBER\] nor more than \[NUMBER\] days after the receipt
of the request. If the notice is not given within \[NUMBER\] days after
receipt of the request, then the person or persons requesting the
meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this
Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing or affecting the time
when a meeting of shareholders called by action of the Board of
Directors may be held.]{.underline}

1.  **Notice Of Shareholders' Meetings**

[All notices of meetings of shareholders shall be sent or otherwise
given in accordance with Section 2.5 of these By-Laws not less than
\[NUMBER\] (or, if sent by third-class mail pursuant to Section 2.5 of
these By-Laws, not less than \[NUMBER\] nor more than \[NUMBER\] days
before the date of the meeting to each shareholder entitled to vote
thereat. Such notice shall state the place, date, and hour of the
meeting and (i) in the case of a special meeting, the general nature of
the business to be transacted, and no business other than that specified
in the notice may be transacted, or (ii) in the case of the annual
meeting, those matters which the Board of Directors, at the time of the
mailing of the notice, intends to present for action by the
shareholders, but, subject to the provisions of the next paragraph of
this Section 2.4, any proper matter may be presented at the meeting for
such action. The notice of any meeting at which Directors are to be
elected shall include the names of nominees intended at the time of the
notice to be presented by the Board for election.]{.underline}

[If action is proposed to be taken at any meeting for approval of (i) a
contract or transaction in which a director has a direct or indirect
financial interest, (ii) an amendment of the Articles of Incorporation,
pursuant to Section 902 of the Code, (iii) a reorganization of the
corporation, (iv) a voluntary dissolution of the corporation, or (v) a
distribution in dissolution other than in accordance with the rights of
any outstanding preferred shares, then the notice shall also state the
general nature of that proposal.]{.underline}

1.  **Manner Of Giving Notice; Affidavit Of Notice**

[Notice of a shareholders\' meeting shall be given either personally or
by first-class mail, or, if the corporation has outstanding shares held
of record by \[NUMBER\] or more persons on the record date for the
shareholders\' meeting, notice may be sent by third-class mail, or other
means of written communication, addressed to the shareholder at the
address of the shareholder appearing on the books of the corporation or
given by the shareholder to the corporation for the purpose of notice;
or if no such address appears or is given, at the place where the
principal executive office of the corporation is located or by
publication at least once in a newspaper of general circulation in the
county in which the principal executive office is located. The notice
shall be deemed to have been given at the time when delivered personally
or deposited in the mail or sent by other means of written
communication.]{.underline}

[If any notice (or any report referenced in Article VII of these
By-Laws) addressed to a shareholder at the address of such shareholder
appearing on the books of the corporation is returned to the corporation
by the \[COUNTRY\] Postal Service marked to indicate that the
\[COUNTRY\] Postal Service is unable to deliver the notice to the
shareholder at that address, all future notices or reports shall be
deemed to have been duly given without further mailing if the same shall
be available to the shareholder upon written demand of the shareholder
at the principal executive office of the corporation for a period of
\[NUMBER\] year from the date of the giving of the notice.]{.underline}

[An affidavit of mailing of any notice or report in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 2.5, executed by the Secretary, Assistant
Secretary or any transfer agent, shall be prima facie evidence of the
giving of the notice or report.]{.underline}

1.  **Quorum**

[Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation of the
corporation, a majority of the shares entitled to vote, represented in
person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of the
shareholders. The shareholders present at a duly called or held meeting
at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until
adjournment notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to
leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment)
is approved by at least a majority of the shares required to constitute
a quorum.]{.underline}

[In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of shareholders may be
adjourned from time to time by the vote of a majority of the shares
represented either in person or by proxy, but no other business may be
transacted, except as provided in the last sentence of the preceding
paragraph.]{.underline}

1.  **Adjourned Meeting; Notice**

[Any shareholders\' meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum
is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of the
majority of the shares represented at that meeting, either in person or
by proxy.]{.underline}

[When any meeting of shareholders, either annual or special, is
adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the
adjourned meeting if its time and place are announced at the meeting at
which the adjournment is taken. However, if the adjournment is for more
than \[NUMBER\] days from the date set for the original meeting or if a
new record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed, a notice of the
adjourned meeting shall be given to each shareholder of record entitled
to vote at the adjourned meeting in accordance with the provisions of
Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of these By-Laws. At any adjourned meeting the
corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted
at the original meeting.]{.underline}

1.  **Voting**

[The shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders shall
be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.11 of these
By-Laws. Elections for directors and voting on any other matter at a
shareholders\' meeting need not be by ballot unless a shareholder
demands election by ballot at the meeting and before the voting
begins.]{.underline}

[Except as provided in the last paragraph of this Section 2.8, or as may
be otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, each outstanding
share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter
submitted to a vote of the shareholders. Any holder of shares entitled
to vote on any matter may vote part of the shares in favor of the
proposal and refrain from voting the remaining shares or may vote them
against the proposal other than elections to office, but, if the
shareholder fails to specify the number of shares such shareholder is
voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the
shareholder\'s approving vote is with respect to all shares which the
shareholder is entitled to vote. The affirmative vote of the majority of
the shares represented and voting at a duly held meeting at which a
quorum is present (which shares voting affirmatively also constitute at
least a majority of the required quorum) shall be the act of the
shareholders, unless the vote of a greater number or voting by classes
is required by the Code or by the Articles of
Incorporation.]{.underline}

[At a shareholders\' meeting at which directors are to be elected, a
shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes either (i) by giving one
candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be
elected multiplied by the number of votes to which that shareholder\'s
shares are normally entitled or (ii) by distributing the shareholder\'s
votes on the same principle among as many candidates as the shareholder
thinks fit, if the candidate or candidates\' names have been placed in
nomination prior to the voting and the shareholder has given notice
prior to the voting of the shareholder\'s intention to cumulate the
shareholder\'s votes. If any one shareholder has given such a notice,
then every shareholder entitled to vote may cumulate votes for
candidates in nomination. The candidates receiving the highest number of
affirmative votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be
elected; votes against any candidate and votes withheld shall have no
legal effect.]{.underline}

1.  **Validation Of Meetings; Waiver Of Notice; Consent**

[The transactions of any meeting of shareholders, either annual or
special, however called and noticed, and wherever held, are as valid as
though they had been taken at a meeting duly held after regular call and
notice, if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and if,
either before or after the meeting, each of the persons entitled to
vote, not present in person or by proxy, signs a written waiver of
notice or a consent to the holding of the meeting or an approval of the
minutes thereof. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the
purpose of any annual or special meeting of shareholders need be
specified in any written waiver of notice or consent to the holding of
the meeting or approval of the minutes thereof, except that if action is
taken or proposed to be taken for approval of any of those matters
specified in the second paragraph of Section 2.4 of these By-Laws, the
waiver of notice or consent or approval shall state the general nature
of the proposal. All such waivers, consents, and approvals shall be
filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the
meeting.]{.underline}

[Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice
of and presence at that meeting, except when the person objects, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened and except that attendance at
a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of
matters required by the Code to be included in the notice of such
meeting but not so included, if such objection is expressly made at the
meeting.]{.underline}

1.  **Shareholder Action By Written Consent Without A Meeting**

[Any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of
shareholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, if
a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed
by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action
at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted.]{.underline}

[Directors may not be elected by written consent except by unanimous
written consent of all shares entitled to vote for the election of
directors. However, a director may be elected at any time to fill any
vacancy on the Board of Directors, provided that it was not created by
removal of a director and that it has not been filled by the directors,
by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote for the election of directors.]{.underline}

[All such consents shall be maintained in the corporate records. Any
shareholder giving a written consent, or the shareholder\'s proxy
holders, or a transferee of the shares, or a personal representative of
the shareholder, or their respective proxy holders, may revoke the
consent by a writing received by the Secretary of the corporation before
written consents of the number of shares required to authorize the
proposed action have been filed with the Secretary.]{.underline}

[If the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have not been
solicited in writing, the Secretary shall give prompt notice of any
corporate action approved by the shareholders without a meeting by less
than unanimous written consent to those shareholders entitled to vote
who have not consented in writing. Such notice shall be given in the
manner specified in Section 2.5 of these By-Laws. In the case of
approval of (i) a contract or transaction in which a director has a
direct or indirect financial interest, (ii) indemnification of a
corporate agent, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation, and (iv) a
distribution in dissolution other than in accordance with the rights of
outstanding preferred shares, the notice shall be given at least
\[NUMBER\] days before the consummation of any action authorized by that
approval, unless the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have
been solicited in writing.]{.underline}

1.  **Record Date For Shareholder Notice; Voting; Giving Consents**

[In order that the corporation may determine the shareholders entitled
to notice of any meeting or to vote, the Board of Directors may fix, in
advance, a record date, which shall not be more than \[NUMBER\] days nor
less than \[NUMBER\] days prior to the date of such meeting nor more
than \[NUMBER\] days before any other action. Shareholders at the close
of business on the record date are entitled to notice and to vote, as
the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books
of the corporation after the record date, except as otherwise provided
in the Articles of Incorporation or the Code.]{.underline}

[A determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the
meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the
adjourned meeting, but the Board of Directors shall fix a new record
date if the meeting is adjourned for more than \[NUMBER\] days from the
date set for the original meeting.]{.underline}

[If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date:]{.underline}

i.  [The record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of
    or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of
    business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice
    is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the
    business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held.
    ]{.underline}

ii. [The record date for determining shareholders entitled to give
    consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, (i) when
    no prior action by the Board has been taken, shall be the day on
    which the first written consent is given, or (ii) when prior action
    by the Board has been taken, shall be at the close of business on
    the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto,
    or the \[NUMBER\] day prior to the date of such other action,
    whichever is later.]{.underline}

[The record date for any other purpose shall be as provided in Section
8.1 of these By-Laws.]{.underline}

1.  **Proxies**

[Every person entitled to vote for directors, or on any other matter,
shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents
authorized by a written proxy signed by the person and filed with the
Secretary of the corporation. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the
shareholder\'s name or other authorization is placed on the proxy
(whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic or electronic
transmission or otherwise) by the shareholder or the shareholder\'s
attorney-in-fact. A validly executed proxy which does not state that it
is irrevocable shall continue in full force and effect unless (i) the
person who executed the proxy revokes it prior to the time of voting by
delivering a writing to the corporation stating that the proxy is
revoked or by executing a subsequent proxy and presenting it to the
meeting or by attendance at such meeting and voting in person, or (ii)
written notice of the death or incapacity of the maker of that proxy is
received by the corporation before the vote pursuant to that proxy is
counted; provided, however, that no proxy shall be valid after the
expiration of \[NUMBER\] months from the date thereof, unless otherwise
provided in the proxy. The dates contained on the forms of proxy
presumptively determine the order of execution, regardless of the
postmark dates on the envelopes in which they are mailed. ]{.underline}

1.  **Inspectors Of Election**

[In advance of any meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors may
appoint inspectors of election to act at the meeting and any adjournment
thereof. If inspectors of election are not so appointed or designated or
if any persons so appointed fail to appear or refuse to act, then the
Chairman of the meeting may, and on the request of any shareholder or a
shareholder\'s proxy shall, appoint inspectors of election (or persons
to replace those who so fail to appear) at the meeting. The number of
inspectors shall be either \[NUMBER\] or \[NUMBER\]. If appointed at a
meeting on the request of \[NUMBER\] or more shareholders or proxies,
the majority of shares represented in person or by proxy shall determine
whether \[NUMBER\] or \[NUMBER\] inspectors are to be
appointed.]{.underline}

[The inspectors of election shall determine the number of shares
outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the
meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity, validity, and
effect of proxies, receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and
determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection
with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes or consents,
determine when the polls shall close, determine the result and do any
other acts that may be proper to conduct the election or vote with
fairness to all shareholders.]{.underline}

1.  **DIRECTORS**

    1.  **Powers**

Subject to the provisions of the Code and any limitations in the
Articles of Incorporation and these By-Laws relating to action required
to be approved by the shareholders or by the outstanding shares, the
business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and all
corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the
Board of Directors. The Board may delegate the management of the
day-to-day operation of the business of the corporation to a management
company or other person provided that the business and affairs of the
corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised
under the ultimate direction of the Board.

1.  **Number Of Directors**

[The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be
\[NUMBER\].]{.underline}

1.  **Election And Term Of Office Of Directors**

[At each annual meeting of shareholders, directors shall be elected to
hold office until the next annual meeting. Each director, including a
director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the
expiration of the term for which elected and until a successor has been
elected and qualified, except in the case of the death, resignation, or
removal of such a director.]{.underline}

1.  **Removal**

[The entire Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed
from office without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote on such removal; provided, however,
that unless the entire Board is removed, no individual director may be
removed when the votes cast against such director\'s removal, or not
consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to elect that
director if voted cumulatively at an election at which the same total
number of votes cast were cast (or, if such action is taken by written
consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the entire number
of directors authorized at the time of such director\'s most recent
election were then being elected.]{.underline}

1.  **Resignation And Vacancies**

[Any director may resign effective upon giving oral or written notice to
the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Secretary or the Board of
Directors, unless the notice specifies a later time for the
effectiveness of such resignation. If the resignation of a director is
effective at a future time, the Board of Directors may elect a successor
to take office when the resignation becomes effective.]{.underline}

[Vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the
remaining directors, or if the number of directors then in office is
less than a quorum by (i) unanimous written consent of the directors
then in office, (ii) the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
then in office at a meeting held pursuant to notice or waivers of
notice, or (iii) a sole remaining director; however, a vacancy created
by the removal of a director by the vote or written consent of the
shareholders or by court order may be filled only by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the shares represented and voting at a duly held
meeting at which a quorum is present (which shares voting affirmatively
also constitute at least a majority of the required quorum), or by the
unanimous written consent of all shares entitled to vote thereon. Each
director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of
the shareholders and until a successor has been elected and qualified,
or until his or her death, resignation or removal.]{.underline}

[A vacancy or vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to
exist (i) in the event of the death, resignation or removal of any
director, (ii) if the Board of Directors by resolution declares vacant
the office of a director who has been declared of unsound mind by an
order of court or convicted of a felony, (iii) if the authorized number
of directors is increased, or (iv) if the shareholders fail, at any
meeting of shareholders at which any director or directors are elected,
to elect the full authorized number of directors to be elected at that
meeting.]{.underline}

[The shareholders may elect a director or directors at any time to fill
any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors, but any such
election by written consent, other than to fill a vacancy created by
removal, shall require the consent of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. A director may not be
elected by written consent to fill a vacancy created by removal except
by unanimous consent of all shares entitled to vote for the election of
directors.]{.underline}

1.  **Place Of Meetings; Meetings By Telephone**

[Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place
within or outside the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] that has been
designated from time to time by resolution of the Board. In the absence
of such a designation, regular meetings shall be held at the principal
executive office of the corporation. Special meetings of the Board may
be held at any place within or outside the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]
that has been designated in the notice of the meeting or, if not stated
in the notice or if there is no notice, at the principal executive
office of the corporation.]{.underline}

[Members of the Board may participate in a meeting through the use of
conference telephone or similar communications equipment, so long as all
directors participating in such meeting can hear one another.
Participation in a meeting pursuant to this paragraph constitutes
presence in person at such meeting.]{.underline}

1.  **Regular Meetings**

[Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice
if the time and place of such meetings are fixed by the Board of
Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **Special Meetings; Notice**

[Subject to the provisions of the following paragraph, special meetings
of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at
any time by the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice
President, the Secretary or any \[NUMBER\] directors.]{.underline}

[Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered
personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail,
telegram, charges prepaid, or by telecopier, addressed to each director
at that director\'s address as it is shown on the records of the
corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the
\[COUNTRY\] mail at least \[NUMBER\] days before the time of the holding
of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or
by telecopier or telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by
telephone or by telecopier or to the telegraph company at least
\[NUMBER\] hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral
notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to
the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person
giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to
the director. The notice need not specify the purpose of the
meeting.]{.underline}

1.  **Quorum**

[A majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business, except to adjourn as provided in
Section 3.11 of these By-Laws. Every act or decision done or made by a
majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a
quorum is present is the act of the Board of Directors, subject to the
provisions of \[SPECIFY\] (as to approval of contracts or transactions
in which a director has a direct or indirect material financial
interest), \[SECTION OF CODE OR LAW\] (as to appointment of committees),
\[SECTION OF CODE OR LAW\] (as to indemnification of directors), the
Articles of Incorporation, and other applicable law.]{.underline}

[A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to
transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any
action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum
for such meeting.]{.underline}

1.  **Waiver Of Notice**

[Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director who signs a
waiver of notice or a consent to holding the meeting or an approval of
the minutes thereof, whether before or after the meeting, or who attends
the meeting without protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement,
the lack of notice to such director. All such waivers, consents, and
approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of
the minutes of the meeting. A waiver of notice need not specify the
purpose of any regular or special meeting of the Board of
Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **Adjournment**

[A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is
present, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place.]{.underline}

1.  **Notice Of Adjournment**

[If the meeting is adjourned for more than \[NUMBER\] hours, notice of
any adjournment to another time and place shall be given prior to the
time of the adjourned meeting to the directors who were not present at
the time of the adjournment.]{.underline}

1.  **Board Action By Written Consent Without A Meeting**

[Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors
may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board individually
or collectively consent in writing to such action. Such written consent
or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
Board. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and
effect as a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **Fees And Compensation Of Directors**

[Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if
any, for their services and such reimbursement of expenses as may be
fixed or determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. This
Section 3.14 shall not be construed to preclude any director from
serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent,
employee or otherwise and receiving compensation for those
services.]{.underline}

1.  **Approval Of Loans To Officers**

[If these By-Laws have been approved by the corporation\'s shareholders
in accordance with the Code, the corporation may, upon the approval of
the Board of Directors alone, make loans of money or property to, or
guarantee the obligations of, any officer of the corporation or of its
parent, if any, whether or not a director, or adopt an employee benefit
plan or plans authorizing such loans or guaranties provided that (i) the
Board of Directors determines that such a loan or guaranty or plan may
reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation, (ii) the corporation
has outstanding shares held of record by \[NUMBER\] or more persons
(determined as provided in \[SECTION OF CODE\]) on the date of approval
by the Board of Directors, and (iii) the approval of the Board of
Directors is by a vote sufficient without counting the vote of any
interested director or directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
corporation shall have the power to make loans permitted by the
Code.]{.underline}

1.  **COMMITTEES**

    1.  **Committees Of Directors**

[The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the
authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, each
consisting of \[NUMBER\] or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of
the Board. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate
members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any
meeting of the committee. The appointment of members or alternate
members of a committee requires the vote of a majority of the authorized
number of directors. Any such committee shall have authority to act in
the manner and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board and
may have all the authority of the Board, except with respect
to:]{.underline}

i.  [The approval of any action which, under the Code, also requires
    shareholders\' approval or approval of the outstanding
    shares.]{.underline}

ii. [The filling of vacancies on the Board of Directors or in any
    committee.]{.underline}

iii. [The fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the
     Board or on any committee.]{.underline}

iv. [The amendment or repeal of these By-Laws or the adoption of new
    By-Laws.]{.underline}

v.  [The amendment or repeal of any resolution of the Board of Directors
    which by its express terms is not so amendable or
    repealable.]{.underline}

vi. [A distribution to the shareholders of the corporation, except at a
    rate, in a periodic amount or within a price range set forth in the
    Articles of Incorporation or determined by the Board of
    Directors.]{.underline}

vii. [The appointment of any other committees of the Board of Directors
     or the members thereof.]{.underline}

     1.  **Meetings And Action Of Committees**

[Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and
taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these
By-Laws, Section 3.6 (place of meetings), Section 3.7 (regular
meetings), Section 3.8 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.9
(quorum), Section 3.10 (waiver of notice), Section 3.11 (adjournment),
Section 3.12 (notice of adjournment), and Section 3.13 (action without
meeting), with such changes in the context of those By-Laws as are
necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board of
Directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular
meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the
Board of Directors or by resolution of the committee, that special
meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board of
Directors, and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also
be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend
all meetings of the committee. The Board of Directors may adopt rules
for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions
of these By-Laws.]{.underline}

1.  **OFFICERS**

    1.  **Officers**

[The officers of the corporation shall be a President, a Secretary, and
a Chief Financial Officer. The corporation may also have, at the
discretion of the Board of Directors, a Chairman of the Board, one or
more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more
Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed in
accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these By-Laws. Any
number of offices may be held by the same person.]{.underline}

1.  **Appointment Of Officers**

[The officers of the corporation, except such officers as may be
appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 or Section
5.5 of these By-Laws, shall be chosen by the Board and serve at the
pleasure of the Board, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer
under any contract of employment.]{.underline}

1.  **Subordinate Officers**

[The Board of Directors may appoint, or may empower the Chairman of the
Board or the President to appoint, such other officers as the business
of the corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such
period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in
these By-Laws or as the Board of Directors may from time to time
determine.]{.underline}

1.  **Removal And Resignation Of Officers**

[Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of
employment, all officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors
and any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the
Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board or,
except in case of an officer chosen by the Board of Directors, by any
officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board of
Directors.]{.underline}

[Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the
corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the
receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice;
and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation
is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any
contract to which the officer is a party.]{.underline}

1.  **Vacancies In Offices**

[A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner
prescribed in these By-Laws for regular appointments to that
office.]{.underline}

1.  **Chairman Of The Board**

[The Chairman of the Board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if
present, preside at meetings of the Board of Directors and exercise and
perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be
assigned by the Board of Directors or as may be prescribed by these
By-Laws. If there is no President, then the Chairman of the Board shall
also be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall have
the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.7 of these
By-Laws.]{.underline}

1.  **President**

[Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the
Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, if there be such an
officer, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the
corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors,
have general supervision, direction, and control of the business and the
officers of the corporation. The President shall preside at all meetings
of the shareholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of
the Board, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. The President
shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in
the office of President of a corporation, and shall have such other
powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or
these By-Laws.]{.underline}

1.  **Vice Presidents**

[In the absence or disability of the President, the Vice Presidents, if
any, in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of Directors or, if
not ranked, a Vice President designated by the Board of Directors, shall
perform all the duties of the President and when so acting shall have
all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the
President. The Vice Presidents shall have such other powers and perform
such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them
respectively by the Board of Directors, these By-Laws, the President or
the Chairman of the Board.]{.underline}

1.  **Secretary**

[The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal
executive office of the corporation or such other place as the Board of
Directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of
Directors, committees of directors and shareholders. The minutes shall
show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special, the
names of those present at directors\' meetings or committee meetings,
the number of shares present or represented at shareholders\' meetings,
and the proceedings thereof.]{.underline}

[The Secretary shall keep at the principal executive office of the
corporation or at the office of the corporation\'s transfer agent or
registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, a
share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all
shareholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held
by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and
the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for
cancellation. The Secretary shall give notice of all meetings of the
shareholders and of the Board of Directors required to be given by law
or by these By-Laws. The Secretary shall keep the seal of the
corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such
other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors or by these By-Laws.]{.underline}

1.  **Chief Financial Officer**

[The Chief Financial Officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be
kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts
of the properties and business transactions of the corporation,
including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements,
gains, losses, capital, retained earnings, and shares. ]{.underline}

[The Chief Financial Officer shall deposit all money and other valuables
in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositaries
as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Chief Financial
Officer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by
the Board, shall render to the President and directors, whenever they
request it, an account of all of his or her transactions as Chief
Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the corporation, and
shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be
prescribed by the Board or these By-Laws.]{.underline}

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND OTHER
    AGENTS**

    1.  **Indemnification Of Directors**

[The corporation shall, to the maximum extent and in the manner
permitted by the Code, indemnify each of its directors against expenses,
judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts actually and reasonably
incurred in connection with any proceeding (as defined in \[SECTION OF
CODE OR LAW\]), arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was
a director of the corporation. For purposes of this Article VI, a
director of the corporation includes any person (i) who is or was a
director of the corporation, (ii) who is or was serving at the request
of the corporation as a director of another foreign or domestic
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or
(iii) who was a director of a corporation which was a predecessor
corporation of the corporation or of another enterprise at the request
of such predecessor corporation.]{.underline}

1.  **Indemnification Of Others**

[The corporation shall have the power, to the extent and in the manner
permitted by the Code, to indemnify each of its employees, officers, and
agents (other than directors) against expenses (as defined in \[SECTION
OF CODE OR LAW\]), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts
actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding (as
defined \[SECTION OF CODE OR LAW\]), arising by reason of the fact that
such person is or was an employee, officer, or agent of the corporation.
For purposes of this Article VI, an employee or officer or agent of the
corporation (other than a director) includes any person (i) who is or
was an employee, officer, or agent of the corporation, (ii) who is or
was serving at the request of the corporation as an employee, officer,
or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, or (iii) who was an employee,
officer, or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation
of the corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such
predecessor corporation.]{.underline}

1.  **Payment Of Expenses In Advance**

[Expenses and attorneys\' fees incurred in defending any civil or
criminal action or proceeding for which indemnification is required
pursuant to Section 6.1, or if otherwise authorized by the Board of
Directors, shall be paid by the corporation in advance of the final
disposition of such action or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking
by or on behalf of the indemnified party to repay such amount if it
shall ultimately be determined that the indemnified party is not
entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this Article
VI.]{.underline}

1.  **Indemnity Not Exclusive**

[The indemnification provided by this Article VI shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may
be entitled under any By-Law, agreement, vote of shareholders or
directors or otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity and as
to action in another capacity while holding such office. The rights to
indemnity hereunder shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of
the heirs, executors, and administrators of the person.]{.underline}

1.  **Insurance Indemnification**

[The corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the corporation against any liability asserted against or
incurred by such person in such capacity or arising out of that
person\'s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the
power to indemnify that person against such liability under the
provisions of this Article VI.]{.underline}

[No indemnification or advance shall be made under this Article VI,
except where such indemnification or advance is mandated by law or the
order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, in any
circumstance where it appears:]{.underline}

i.  [That it would be inconsistent with a provision of the Articles of
    Incorporation, these By-Laws, a resolution of the shareholders or an
    agreement in effect at the time of the accrual of the alleged cause
    of the action asserted in the proceeding in which the expenses were
    incurred or other amounts were paid, which prohibits or otherwise
    limits indemnification; or]{.underline}

ii. [That it would be inconsistent with any condition expressly imposed
    by a court in approving a settlement.]{.underline}

    1.  **Right To Bring Suit**

[If a claim under this Article is not paid in full by the corporation
within \[NUMBER\] days after a written claim has been received by the
corporation (either because the claim is denied or because no
determination is made), the claimant may at any time thereafter bring
suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim
and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall also be
entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such claim. The
corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action
that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it
permissible under the Code for the corporation to indemnify the claimant
for the claim. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its
Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) to
have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that
indemnification of the claimant is permissible in the circumstances
because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct, if any,
nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of
Directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) that the
claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct, shall be a
defense to such action or create a presumption for the purposes of such
action that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of
conduct.]{.underline}

1.  **Indemnity Agreements**

[The Board of Directors is authorized to enter into a contract with any
director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or any person
who is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, or
any person who was a director, officer, employee or agent of a
corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the corporation or of
another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation,
providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board of
Directors so determines and to the extent permitted by applicable law,
greater than, those provided for in this Article VI.]{.underline}

1.  **Amendment, Repeal Or Modification**

[Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article
VI shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or
agent of the corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal
or modification.]{.underline}

1.  **RECORDS AND REPORTS**

    1.  **Maintenance And Inspection Of Share Register**

[The corporation shall keep either at its principal executive office or
at the office of its transfer agent or registrar (if either be
appointed), as determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, a
record of its shareholders listing the names and addresses of all
shareholders and the number and class of shares held by each
shareholder.]{.underline}

[The record of shareholders shall also be open to inspection and copying
by any shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate at any time
during usual business hours upon written demand on the corporation, for
a purpose reasonably related to the holder\'s interests as a shareholder
or holder of a voting trust certificate.]{.underline}

[A shareholder or shareholders of the corporation holding at least \[%\]
in the aggregate of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or
who hold at least \[%\] of such voting shares and have filed a Schedule
\[IDENTIFY\] with the \[GOVERNMENT AGENCY\] relating to the election of
directors, shall have an absolute right to do either or both of the
following (i) inspect and copy the record of shareholders\' names,
addresses, and shareholdings during usual business hours upon \[NUMBER\]
days\' prior written demand upon the corporation, or (ii) obtain from
the transfer agent for the corporation, upon written demand and upon the
tender of such transfer agent\'s usual charges for such list (the amount
of which charges shall be stated to the shareholder by the transfer
agent upon request), a list of the shareholders\' names and addresses
who are entitled to vote for the election of directors, and their
shareholdings, as of the most recent record date for which it has been
compiled or as of a date specified by the shareholder subsequent to the
date of demand. The list shall be made available on or before the later
of \[NUMBER\] business days after the demand is received or the date
specified therein as the date as of which the list is to be
compiled.]{.underline}

[Any inspection and copying under this Section 7.1 may be made in person
or by an agent or attorney of the shareholder or holder of a voting
trust certificate making the demand.]{.underline}

1.  **Maintenance And Inspection Of By-Laws**

[The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office or, if its
principal executive office is not in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], at
its principal business office in \[STATE/PROVINCE\], the original or a
copy of these By-Laws as amended to date, which shall be open to
inspection by the shareholders at all reasonable times during office
hours. If the principal executive office of the corporation is outside
the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] and the corporation has no principal
business office in such state, then it shall, upon the written request
of any shareholder, furnish to such shareholder a copy of these By-Laws
as amended to date.]{.underline}

1.  **Maintenance And Inspection Of Other Corporate Records**

[The accounting books and records and the minutes of proceedings of the
shareholders and the Board of Directors, and committees of the Board of
Directors shall be kept at such place or places as are designated by the
Board of Directors or, in absence of such designation, at the principal
executive office of the corporation. The minutes shall be kept in
written form, and the accounting books and records shall be kept either
in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into
written form.]{.underline}

[The minutes and accounting books and records shall be open to
inspection upon the written demand on the corporation of any shareholder
or holder of a voting trust certificate at any reasonable time during
usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to such holder\'s
interests as a shareholder or as the holder of a voting trust
certificate. Such inspection by a shareholder or holder of a voting
trust certificate may be made in person or by an agent or attorney and
the right of inspection includes the right to copy and make extracts.
Such rights of inspection shall extend to the records of each subsidiary
corporation of the corporation.]{.underline}

1.  **Inspection By Directors**

[Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to
inspect and copy all books, records, and documents of every kind and to
inspect the physical properties of the corporation and each of its
subsidiary corporations, domestic or foreign. Such inspection by a
director may be made in person or by an agent or attorney and the right
of inspection includes the right to copy and make extracts.]{.underline}

1.  **Annual Report To Shareholders; Waiver**

[The Board of Directors shall cause an annual report to be sent to the
shareholders not later than \[NUMBER\] days after the close of the
fiscal year adopted by the corporation. Such report shall be sent to the
shareholders at least \[NUMBER\] (or, if sent by third-class mail,
\[NUMBER\]) days prior to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held
during the next fiscal year and in the manner specified in Section 2.5
of these By-Laws for giving notice to shareholders of the
corporation.]{.underline}

[The annual report shall contain a balance sheet as of the end of the
fiscal year and an income statement and statement of changes in
financial position for the fiscal year, accompanied by any report
thereon of independent accountants or, if there is no such report, the
certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation that the
statements were prepared without audit from the books and records of the
corporation.]{.underline}

[The foregoing requirement of an annual report shall be waived so long
as the shares of the corporation are held by fewer than \[NUMBER\]
holders of record.]{.underline}

1.  **Financial Statements**

[If no annual report for the fiscal year has been sent to shareholders,
then the corporation shall, upon the written request of any shareholder
made more than \[NUMBER\] days after the close of such fiscal year,
deliver or mail to the person making the request, within \[NUMBER\] days
thereafter, a copy of a balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year
and an income statement and statement of changes in financial position
for such fiscal year.]{.underline}

[A shareholder or shareholders holding at least \[%\] of the outstanding
shares of any class of the corporation may make a written request to the
corporation for an income statement of the corporation for the
three-month, six-month or nine-month period of the current fiscal year
ended more than \[NUMBER\] days prior to the date of the request and a
balance sheet of the corporation as of the end of that period. The
statements shall be delivered or mailed to the person making the request
within \[NUMBER\] days thereafter. A copy of the statements shall be
kept on file in the principal office of the corporation for \[NUMBER\]
months and it shall be exhibited at all reasonable times to any
shareholder demanding an examination of the statements or a copy shall
be mailed to the shareholder. If the corporation has not sent to the
shareholders its annual report for the last fiscal year, the statements
referred to in the first paragraph of this Section 7.6 shall likewise be
delivered or mailed to the shareholder or shareholders within \[NUMBER\]
days after the request.]{.underline}

[The quarterly income statements and balance sheets referred to in this
section shall be accompanied by the report thereon, if any, of any
independent accountants engaged by the corporation or the certificate of
an authorized officer of the corporation that the financial statements
were prepared without audit from the books and records of the
corporation.]{.underline}

1.  **Representation Of Shares Of Other Corporations**

[The Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Chief
Financial Officer, the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of this
corporation, or any other person authorized by the Board of Directors or
the President or a Vice President, is authorized to vote, represent, and
exercise on behalf of this corporation all rights incident to any and
all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name
of this corporation. The authority herein granted may be exercised
either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do
so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the
authority.]{.underline}

1.  **GENERAL MATTERS**

    1.  **Record Date For Purposes Other Than Notice And Voting**

[For purposes of determining the shareholders entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights
or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other lawful action
(other than with respect to notice or voting at a shareholders meeting
or action by shareholders by written consent without a meeting), the
Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not
be more than \[NUMBER\] days prior to any such action. Only shareholders
of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to
receive the dividend, distribution or allotment of rights, or to
exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of
any shares on the books of the corporation after the record date, except
as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or the
Code.]{.underline}

[If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date, then the
record date for determining shareholders for any such purpose shall be
at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the
resolution relating thereto or the \[NUMBER\] day prior to the date of
that action, whichever is later.]{.underline}

1.  **Checks; Drafts; Evidences Of Indebtedness**

[From time to time, the Board of Directors shall determine by resolution
which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other
orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness
that are issued in the name of or payable to the corporation, and only
the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those
instruments.]{.underline}

1.  **Corporate Contracts And Instruments: How Executed**

[The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws,
may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into
any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of
the corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or
within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee
shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any
contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable
for any purpose or for any amount.]{.underline}

1.  **Certificates For Shares**

[A certificate or certificates for shares of the corporation shall be
issued to each shareholder when any of such shares are fully paid. The
Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of certificates for shares
partly paid provided that these certificates shall state the total
amount of the consideration to be paid for them and the amount actually
paid. All certificates shall be signed in the name of the corporation by
the Chairman of the Board or the Vice Chairman of the Board or the
President or a Vice President and by the Chief Financial Officer or an
Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary,
certifying the number of shares and the class or series of shares owned
by the shareholder. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may
be by facsimile.]{.underline}

[In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or
whose facsimile signature has been placed on a certificate has ceased to
be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is
issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if
that person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of
issue.]{.underline}

1.  **Lost Certificates**

[Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares
shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the
latter is surrendered to the corporation or its transfer agent or
registrar and cancelled at the same time. The Board of Directors may, in
case any share certificate or certificate for any other security is
lost, stolen or destroyed (as evidenced by a written affidavit or
affirmation of such fact), authorize the issuance of replacement
certificates on such terms and conditions as the Board may require; the
Board may require indemnification of the corporation secured by a bond
or other adequate security sufficient to protect the corporation against
any claim that may be made against it, including any expense or
liability, on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of the
certificate or the issuance of the replacement certificate.]{.underline}

1.  **Construction; Definitions**

[Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of
construction, and definitions in the Code shall govern the construction
of these By-Laws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the
singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the
singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural
person.]{.underline}

1.  **AMENDMENTS**

    1.  **Amendment By Shareholders**

[New By-Laws may be adopted or these By-Laws may be amended or repealed
by the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote; provided, however, that if the
Articles of Incorporation of the corporation set forth the number of
authorized Directors of the corporation, then the authorized number of
Directors may be changed only by an amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation.]{.underline}

1.  **Amendment By Directors**

[Subject to the rights of the shareholders as provided in Section 9.1 of
these By-Laws, By-Laws, other than a By-Law or an amendment of a By-Law
changing the authorized number of directors (except to fix the
authorized number of directors pursuant to a By-Law providing for a
variable number of directors), may be adopted, amended or repealed by
the Board of Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **Record Of Amendments**

[Whenever an amendment or new By-Law is adopted, it shall be copied in
the book of minutes with the original By-Laws. If any By-Law is
repealed, the fact of repeal, with the date of the meeting at which the
repeal was enacted or written consent was filed, shall be stated in said
book.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

ATTORNEY CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**CERTIFICATION OF BY-LAWS**

[Reference in these By-Laws to any provision of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\]
Corporations Code shall be deemed to include all amendments
thereof.]{.underline}

[I, the undersigned, do hereby certify:]{.underline}

1.  [That I am the duly elected and acting Secretary of \[NAME OF
    CORPORATION\], a \[STATE/PROVINCE\] corporation.]{.underline}

2.  [That the foregoing By-Laws constitute the By-Laws of said
    corporation as adopted by the Directors of said corporation by
    unanimous written consent at a duly called and held meeting of the
    Board of Directors on \[DATE\].]{.underline}

3.  [The foregoing By-Laws were also adopted by the shareholders of said
    corporation by unanimous written consent at a duly called and held
    meeting of the shareholders on \[DATE\].]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name this \[DAY\] of
\[DATE\].]{.underline}

[SECRETARY ]{.underline}

Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title
