**[CERTIFICATE OF ]{.underline}[INCORPORATION OF
]{.underline}[\[NAME\]]{.underline}**

[This Certificate of Incorporation of \[NAME\] (the "Agreement") is made
and effective \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[B]{.underline}[Y]{.underline}[:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[INCORPORATOR]{.underline}[
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Incorporator\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[COMPANY]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

1.  **[[NAME OF CORPORATION]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}[[
    ]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}**

[The name of the corporation is \[NAME OF CORPORATION\].]{.underline}

1.  **[[ADDRESS OF CORPORATION]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}[[
    ]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}**

[The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. The name of its registered agent at that address is
\[NAME\].]{.underline}

1.  **[[PURPOSE OF CORPORATION]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}**

[The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized under the \[GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW\] of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[TOTAL NUMBER ]{.underline}[AND VALUE ]{.underline}[OF
    SHARES]{.underline}**

[The total number of shares of stock which the corporation has authority
to issue is \[NUMBER\] shares, all of which shall be Common Stock,
\[AMOUNT\] par value per share.]{.underline}

1.  **[[BOARD OF DIRECTORS]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}**

[The Board of Directors of the corporation shall have the power to
adopt, amend or repeal By-Laws of the corporation, but the stockholders
may make additional By-Laws and may alter or repeal any By-Law whether
adopted by them or otherwise.]{.underline}

1.  **[[ELECTION OF DIRECTORS]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}**

[Election of directors need not be by written ballot except and to the
extent the By-Laws of the corporation shall so provide.]{.underline}

1.  **[LIABILITIES]{.underline}**

[To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the corporation
shall be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Without
limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the \[GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW\] is hereafter amended to authorized the further
elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the
liability of a director of the corporation shall be eliminated or
limited to the fullest extent permitted by the \[GENERAL CORPORATION
LAW\], as so amended.]{.underline}

[Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption
of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with
this Article VII, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect
any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the
corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption
of such an inconsistent provision.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

INCORPORATOR COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
