# CHECKLIST

# FOR ISSUING STOCK

[If you are planning to issue stock, there are a number of important
steps that should be undertaken, including the following. This document
is not intended to substitute for legal advice nor legal wording
provided by a competent advisor in the relevant legal
jurisdiction.]{.underline}

-   **[Board ]{.underline}[& ]{.underline}[Shareholder
    ]{.underline}[Approval]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Board of Directors of the company should approve the offer and sale
of the stock, any agreements for the sale and the filing of any needed
governmental documents. This can be accomplished through resolutions
adopted at a Board meeting or by written unanimous consent.]{.underline}

[Approval of the shareholders may also be necessary, especially if the
Articles of Incorporation of the company are being amended. Amendment of
the Articles will typically require approval by the holders of the
majority of the outstanding shares.]{.underline}

-   **[Review the Company Charter]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The company's charter (Articles of Incorporation or Certificate of
Incorporation) should be reviewed to ensure that you have enough shares
authorized to allow the new issuance.]{.underline}

-   **[Review Compliance With Securities Laws]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[Before an offer or sale of stock can be made, you need to ensure that
the proper steps have been taken to comply with the federal securities
laws and the securities laws of the states where the offers or sales of
stock are made. Typically, you will want to find a private placement
type of exemption to avoid the costly procedures of conducting a
registered offering.]{.underline}

-   **[Prepare Appropriate Agreements]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The sale of the stock should be documented by appropriate agreements.
When the transaction is not really negotiated, such as the sale of
Common Stock to friends and family, a Subscription Agreement may be
appropriate. If the transaction involves venture capitalists or
strategic investors, then a more detailed negotiated Stock Purchase
Agreement will be necessary.]{.underline}

-   **[Review How the Sale Will Affect Future Action]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[The company should review how this stock offering might affect future
financings. Ideally, the stock issuance should not unduly restrict the
ability of the company to issue additional stock in the
future.]{.underline}

-   **[Price and Number of Shares]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The appropriate price for the shares and the number of shares to be
issued need to be established. The dilution to the existing shareholders
resulting from the new issuance must be reviewed and determined
acceptable.]{.underline}

-   **[Make Securities Law Filings]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Make sure to make the required filings with the SEC generally within 15
days of the stock sale. ]{.underline}

-   **[Stock Certificate]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[After the sale, the company should issue a stock certificate, signed by
the appropriately authorized officers of the company. It will be useful
to keep a copy of the stock certificate in the company records. The
certificate should include any appropriate legends and be dated and
numbered.]{.underline}

-   **[Stock Ledger]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The issuance of stock should be recorded on the company's Stock Ledger,
showing the date issued, consideration paid, name and address of each
shareholder, certificate number and other relevant
information.]{.underline}
