Offer to Purchase Partnership Interest, Small Business

I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, ("Buyer") a partner, have made
an Offer to Purchase another partnership interest owned by
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Seller"). Buyer offers to buy
\_\_\_\_ (Percentage, units, or other suitable measurement) of Seller\'s
partnership interest (\"Partnership Interest\") in the partnership (the
\"Partnership\") carrying on the business of Partnership from the
premises of Partnership under the name Partnership Name, upon the
following terms and conditions:

I. The purchase price for the Partnership Interest will be Purchase
Price of Partnership Interest, \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, which will be payable
by cash or by certified check on the Closing Date (as defined below), or
by an installment payout plan as indicated in Exhibit 1. The Buyer will
also assume all liabilities of the Partnership on the Closing Date.

2\. Time shall be of the essence of this Offer. The closing of this
transaction shall take place at \_\_\_\_\_\_ p.m. on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date) or such earlier or later date as
may be mutually acceptable to the parties hereto (the \"Closing Date\"
or \"Closing\").

3\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns of each of the
parties hereto.

4.  After acceptance of this Offer, the business of the Partnership
    shall be carried on in the normal course.

5\. This Offer shall be irrevocable by the Buyer until 5:00 PM on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date) until which date and time offer will be open for
acceptance, after which time and date, if not accepted, this Offer shall
be null and void.

6\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Buyer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Seller:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

7\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

8\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

9\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

10\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

11\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Buyer, I hereby agree to all terms of this Agreement Seller

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness or Notary

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Exhibit 1: Payout Plan, if one is used.

Offer to Purchase Partnership Interest, Small Business

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This Agreement is relatively
straightforward and is usually used for small business situations such
as one partner in a small enterprise buying out the other party. The
real questions relate to whether to do it or not, what the terms and
conditions are, and not to burden the enterprise unduly after the sale
due to the pressure to make added payments plus the loss of the
contributions of the other owner or owners.

1.  Make multiple copies and give each party one. Using a notary to
    witness the Agreement is a good idea because the parties are so
    close to each other and the Agreement needs to stand without any
    later dispute as to oral conditions, and so on and so on.

2.  You should at least consider having a financial planner review your
    projected cash flows related to how the pay out or pay off will work
    and whether the business can stand the added financial pressures of
    new payments coupled with the loss of a partner's contribution. This
    concern assumes the payout will be on a schedule. If cash up front,
    not based on the proceeds taken from the business, then the
    Agreement has a much better chance of working for the Buyer.
