**TELEMARKETING TIPS**

Nothing is more direct than a phone call. The problem is, no marketing
means is more demanding for your employees (or yourself). Bottom line?
Not everybody can be good at telemarketing. Effective telemarketing
campaigns are targeted to customers and prospects who are most likely to
respond. They broaden the names of your products, services, or company
to the prospects you want to reach. The campaigns are also designed to
trigger a favorable response. The question is, when putting together a
telemarketing campaign, what type of program works best for you?

**THERE ARE GENERALLY TWO TYPES OF TELEMARKETING PROGRAMS:**

-   One that generates a sale or close

-   One that generates a request for more information.

Which one works for your company, of course, depends upon what type of
product or service you are selling. It may be possible to sell your
products or services right over the phone. Or it could require an
additional appointment for a demonstration with a salesperson.

The type of product or service, its complexity, and whether it is hard
to sell or not, will also determine the type of telemarketing program
you should develop. So when planning your campaign, keep in mind all
these factors.

Generally, if the product or service is relatively inexpensive and can
be demonstrated easily, use the telemarketing campaign as a way of
\"selling\" appointments or even, conclude the sale right over the
phone!

If the product or service is expensive, the people involved in its
purchase generally require more information before they purchase it or
even consent to a demonstration. In these cases, you may want to design
a campaign that triggers a request for more information.

You must also keep in mind that the more expensive the item you are
selling, the higher up on the chain of command the decision-maker will
be. That person could be the president of the company, the vice
president, or the chief financial officer, etc. A telemarketing program
designed to connect with these influencers could start with calls to
determine who the proper decision-maker would be, and if they were
willing to receive more information on the product or service you are
providing.

Then there is the simple telemarketing campaign ostensibly presented
just as a method to update your prospect database. By just calling to
verify addresses, you remind your customers of the firm, and they took
it upon themselves to call in orders. No hard sell involved.

This simple little campaign provide an additional bonus, too. By
updating and paring down the prospect database, you are able to save
hundreds of dollars in postage and production for your next direct mail
or e-mail campaign.

**ALWAYS LEAVE A MESSAGE!**

\
You are calling a prospect again to remind him or her of your services.
You ended into a voice mail again, just like you were the last time you
called. And the time before that. And the time before that. What should
you do?

Leave another message? Hang up and try again next week with the hopes of
finally getting through to a real person?

Leave a message. Pleasant persistence always wins. Leave a message on
voice mail just often enough to remind your prospect of your services or
product. But don't call so often that you actually are making a nuisance
of yourself.

**WHY SHOULD YOU LEAVE A MESSAGE?**

\
For one thing, you are gaining recognition for your product or services.
You may not get through to your prospect this time or next, but the
information you leave will.

For another, you are building rapport with your prospect even if you are
not making direct contact. Your continued calling will convince your
prospect that your are consistent, and persistent.

Finally, you are being informative. One of your products or services
might be a sales item. You need to let your prospect know this so he or
she has an opportunity to take advantage of the discount.

**KEEP YOUR MESSAGES SHORT**

Otherwise, you may very well be perceived as being the intolerable
nuisance you think you are becoming. Instead, keep your message short.

Tell most of the important information first. Mentioning the benefits
your services or product will provide first and then how to contact you.

At the end of the message, leave your phone number and/or web site
address. Repeat your name, company name, and phone number one more time
out of courtesy to the prospect so he or she doesn't have to repeat the
message... In case your prospect finally decides to pick up the phone
and return your call. And they will!

**WHAT SIZE OF DATABASE DO I NEED?**

Normally, an agent can make 15-20 attempted call in an hour and you want
to plan to make phone calls for at least 3 hours but no more than 5
hours a day. So for each day, plan to have 60 to 100 contacts to call.

**WHAT IS TELEMARKETING SUCCESS?**

Usually, telemarketing has about a 5-10% success ratio. To track your
success keep record of your phone calls (use the Telemarketing Report
included in Business-in-a-Box). How many calls were made. How many
no\'s. How many yes\'s and how many call backs. From this information,
you will be able to draw your own conclusions about what approach is the
most profitable for you.

**MAKE \"NO\" A POSITIVE EXPERIENCE**

\
It is difficult to accent the positive when you are telemarketing your
own services/products. Telemarketing can be a frustrating task.
Statistically, a 10% response rate is an outstanding result -- even when
it is being performed by professional telemarketers. So you must prepare
yourself to hear \"No thank you\" a lot. Here\'s how:

1.  **Don\'t Overwork Yourself**

\
First, and most important, don't get on the phone more than five hours a
day. Any longer than that will make the experience frustrating (even if
you incorporate the following proven tips).

1.  **Give Yourself A Break, Or Two, Or Three**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  Take a 10 minute break after the first hour of calls.

2.  Take another 10 minute break after the next hour and a half. And so
    on.

Structuring breaks into your phone schedule gives you a much better edge
psychologically. Not only can your mind, to say nothing of your voice,
use the rest, you will find yourself compartmentalizing your work
schedule into three or four goal-oriented phone sessions a day, rather
than view it as one, long, exhausting day on the phone. (See the
difference?) Also, if you\'re behind schedule or want to get home early,
don\'t try to tough it out and skip a break or two. You\'ll be much more
effective on the phone if you allow yourself time to rest on a regular
basis.

1.  **Each \'No\' Is Another Step Closer to \'Yes\'**

\
We\'re not talking about turning each \'No\' into a \'Yes.\' We\'re just
putting the negative response in proper perspective. Always remember
that it's a numbers game!

Like we said before, telemarketing yields a 5% to 10% positive response
rate. Two wrongs don\'t make a right, but nine \'no\'s do statistically
yield a \'yes.\' Every \'No thank you\' you hear is an expected response
that you can mark down as part of an ongoing process. If you dial the
phone knowing that, on average, every tenth person you talk with will
respond positively. You then eliminate the frustration and have a goal
to work towards.

It will also make you a more confident and effective telemarketer. How?
Simple. When you do talk with the one-in-ten respondent who replies with
a, \"Sure, I\'ll be glad to schedule a meeting with you (or buy your
product),\" you won\'t be or sound surprised. Just professional. And
when you\'re on the phone conducting business, you definitely want to
sound confident and professional.
