[Contact Name]{.underline}

[Address]{.underline}

[Address2 ]{.underline}

[City, State/Province]{.underline}

[Zip/Postal Code]{.underline}

**[OBJECT: NOTICE OF INTENT TO EXERCISE WAREHOUSE LIEN BY
AUCTION]{.underline}**

Dear \[CONTACT NAME\],

[In accordance with \[LAW OR CODE\], we hereby give notice that our
company has a lien upon property stored in our facilities by you, for
your account, or in which you claim an interest, amounting to the sum of
\[AMOUNT\] which is now due and described as follows:]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

[The goods against which the lien of this company exists consists of
\[DESCRIBE\] received on \[DATE\], as evidenced by our warehouse receipt
under \[LOT \#\], issued in the name of \[NAME\].]{.underline}

[We hereby demand that the amount of \[AMOUNT\] be paid in cash, or by
money order or certified check on or before\[DATE\], and notify you that
unless said claim is paid wihin the herein specified time, the goods
will be advertised for sale and sold at Public Auction at our warehouse,
or Public Auction house located at \[ADDRESS\] on \[DATE\], sale
beginning at \[TIME\].]{.underline}

[The proceeds of such sale shall be applied to the payment of the amount
of the lien, including reasonable charges of notice, sale and
advertisement. If there is a deficiency after said sale, you shall be
held liable for said deficiency and judgment may be entered against
you.]{.underline}

[No employee or agent of this Company has the authority to permit the
release or withdrawal of any portion of the goods from a public auction
sale upon receipt of a payment on account of less than the entire amount
due, except by written agreement. The acceptance of a payment of less
than the full amount due in the absence of a written agreement shall not
constitue a waiver on the part of this Company to proceed with the
herein described sale.]{.underline}

[Your name]{.underline}

[Your title]{.underline}

[(800) 123-4567]{.underline}

[youremail\@yourcompany.com ]{.underline}
