## BRAINSTORMING

Creative thinking requires tools such as the brainstorm and the affinity
diagram. Brainstorming is simply listing all ideas put forth by a group
in response to a given problem or question. In 1939, a team led by
advertising executive Alex Osborn coined the term \"brainstorm.\"
According to Osborn, \"Brainstorm means using the ***brain*** to
***storm*** a creative problem and to do so\" in commando fashion, each
brainstormer audaciously attacking the same objective.\" Creativity is
encouraged by not allowing ideas to be evaluated or discussed until
everyone has run dry. Any and all ideas are considered legitimate and
often the most far-fetched are the most fertile. Structured
brainstorming produces numerous creative ideas about any given \"central
question\". Done right, it taps the human brain\'s capacity for lateral
thinking and free association.

A brainstorm starts with a clear question, and ends with a raw list of
ideas. That\'s what it does well - give you a raw list of ideas. Some
will be good, and some won\'t. But, if you try to analyze ideas in the
brainstorming session, you will ruin the session. Wait. Later, you can
analyze the results of a brainstorm with other quality improvement
tools. In particular, affinity diagramming is designed to sort a raw
list, using \"gut feel\" to begin to categorize the raw ideas. It is
most often the next step beyond brainstorming.

Before beginning any effective brainstorming session, ground rules must
be set. This doesn\'t mean that boundaries are set so tightly that you
can\'t have fun or be creative. It does mean that a code of conduct for
person to person interactions has been set. It\'s when this code of
conduct is breached that people stop being creative.

The best way to have meaningful ground rules is to have the team create
their own. Try performing a mini-brainstorming session around creating
brainstorming ground rules. It should provide a nice opportunity to
practice the skills necessary for an effective brainstorming session.
This also allows the team to take ownership of acceptable and
unacceptable behaviors. Only if the team hasn\'t addressed the key
ground rules should you (as the facilitator) add to the list. Once the
ground rules list is generated, be sure to gain consensus that the
session will be conducted according to them, and post them in a highly
visible location in the room.

**BRAINSTORMS HELP ANSWER SPECIFIC QUESTIONS SUCH AS:**

-   What opportunities face us this year?

-   What factors are constraining performance in Department X?

-   What could be causing problem Y?

-   What can we do to solve problem Z?

However, a brainstorm cannot help you positively identify causes of
problems, rank ideas in a meaningful order, select important ideas, or
check solutions. To conduct a successful brainstorm:

1.  Make sure everyone understands and is satisfied with the central
    question before you open up for ideas.

2.  You may want to give everyone a few seconds to jot down a few ideas
    before getting started.

3.  Begin by going around the table or room, giving everyone a chance to
    voice their ideas or pass. After a few rounds, open the floor.

4.  More ideas are better. Encourage radical ideas and piggybacking.

5.  Suspend judgment of all ideas.

6.  Record exactly what is said. Clarify only after everyone is out of
    ideas.

7.  Don\'t stop until ideas become sparse. Allow for late-coming ideas.

8.  Eliminate duplicates and ideas that aren\'t relevant to the topic.

**KEY GROUNDRULES THAT ARE USEFUL WHEN CONDUCTING A BRAINSTORMING
SESSION:**

**Sharpen the focus**

Start with a well-honed statement of the problem at hand. Edgy is better
than fuzzy. The best topic statements focus *outward* on a specific
problem rather than *inward* on some organizational goal. There are no
dumb ideas. Period. It\'s a brainstorming session, not a serious matter
that requires only serious solutions. Remember, this is one of the more
fun tools of quality, so keep the entire team involved

**Write playful rules**

\"Defer judgment\" and \"One conversation at a time\" are primary rules.
Other rules include, \"Go for quantity,\" \"Be visual,\" and \"Encourage
wild ideas.\"

\
**Number your ideas**

Numbered lists create goals to motivate participants. You can say,
\'Let\'s try to get to 100 ideas.\' Also, lists provide a reference
point if you want to jump back and forth between ideas.

\
**Build and jump**

Most brainstorming sessions follow a power curve: They start out slowly,
build to a crescendo, and then start to plateau. The best facilitators
nurture the conversation in its early stages, step out of the way as the
ideas start to flow, and then jump in again when energy starts to peter
out.

\
**Make the space remember**

Good facilitators should also write ideas down on an accessible surface
such as a board or a wall.

\
**Stretch your mental muscles**

Brainstorming, like marathon running, should begin with warm-up
exercises. So start it easy and go deeper in the subject as participants
are getting involved!

\
**Get physical**

Bring examples of competitors\' products, objects that relate to the
problem, or elegant solutions from other fields as springboards for
ideas. Also keeps materials on hand to build crude models of a concept.

**Don\'t criticize other people\'s ideas**

This isn\'t a debate, discussion or forum for one person to display
superiority over another.

**Build on other people\'s ideas**

Often an idea suggested by one person can trigger a bigger and/or better
idea by another person. Or a variation of an idea could be the next "Big
thing". It is this building of ideas that leads to out of the box
thinking and fantastic ideas.

**Reverse the thought of quality over quantity**

Here we want quantity; the more creative ideas the better. You can even
make it a challenge to come up with as many ideas as possible and
compare performance to the last brainstorming session you conducted.

**OTHER BRAINSTORMING PREPARATION QUESTIONS:**

-   Who will lead or facilitate the brainstorming session?

-   Who will participate in the brainstorming session?

-   Who can write *very* quickly to record the brainstormed ideas
    without slowing down the group?

-   Where will the brainstorming session be held?

-   What materials are needed for brainstorming (easel, paper, white
    board, pens, etc.)?

-   What is my brainstorming session desired outcome?
