**EMPLOYEE JOB & MOTIVATION IMPROVEMENT MEETING**

Open the discussion by saying something like:

*Thanks for coming to talk with me. What I'd like to talk about is
employee morale. I want to make this job as fulfilling and satisfying
for you as I can. Before I can do that, though, I need to know how you
feel your job could be made more fulfilling or what other steps we can
take to make you feel satisfied in your job.*

At this point, if the employee has definite comments or feedback, let
the employee talk. Maintain eye contact, take good notes and
occasionally nod or smile to let the employee know that you're
listening. If the employee doesn't seem to have anything to say right
off the bat, or seems hesitant to comment, you might say something
like:* *

*I want you to know that I'm really interested in what you have to say,
and I don\'t want you to feel uncomfortable giving criticism, if that's
what's necessary. This isn't a trap, and I'm not going to get angry or
retaliate for any criticism you might make. This is really a team
process and we're on the same side. If it's OK with you, I'd like to go
through some specific questions, and get your thoughts.*

*If you'd rather not do this now, let me know. We can reschedule a time
to meet or you can jot some thoughts down on paper if you'd rather.*

If the employee seems really uncomfortable or uninterested, you might
conclude the session now. If the employee seems to want to continue
participating, you could then go through a list of questions or topics
and ask the employee to comment about them.

Here's a sample of some topics that might get your discussion going:

-   The good and bad habits of supervisors and coworkers

-   The employee's future at the company and how he or she feels about
    it

-   The employee's workload and the distribution of work in general

-   The employee's working conditions and how he or she feels they could
    be improved

-   The employee's feelings about the importance of the work he or she
    does

-   How employees get along with each other

-   The condition of the equipment with which the employee must work

-   The pay and benefits the employee receives and how they compare with
    other companies

-   The consistency and fairness of the way employees are treated and
    disciplined

-   Whether the employee feels that supervisors and coworkers tell the
    employee what the employee needs to know

-   The potential for growth/advancement

-   The employee's experiences with and feelings about coaching and
    feedback

-   The usefulness and appropriateness of instructions and training
    received

-   The effectiveness of communication among coworkers and between
    workers and supervisors

-   The attitude of the managers/owners toward the employees

You might ask the employee to respond to each of these topics. Be sure
to take good notes.

After the discussion, sum up by saying:

*Thanks very much for taking the time to let me know how you feel. I
appreciate your honesty, and I hope you'll feel free to come and talk to
me if you have questions, suggestions, or additional comments.*

Let the employee know what to expect:

*After I conduct some more meetings with other employees, I'm going to
look at this information and try to figure out ways that we can change
things to make your job even more fulfilling and rewarding. I hope to
have some information back to you within two weeks that will tell you
where we'll go from here.*

*Thanks again.*
