**CHARGE ACCOUNT TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

This Agreement is made and effective \[EFFECTIVE DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\] **(the \"Seller\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[CUSTOMER NAME\] **(the \"Customer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:**

Buyer agrees with seller \[SELLER'S NAME\] to pay for all purchases upon
receipt of monthly statement. Charges billed, but not paid by the
\[DAY\] of the month following purchase will be considered delinquent
and subject to finance charges.

The FINANCE CHARGE for individuals is computed by a periodic rate of
\[%\]per month which is an ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE OF \[RATE\]% applied
to the \"Previous Unpaid Balance less Current Credits.\" Current credits
are payments or credits received by \[TIME\] A.M. on the \[DAY\] day of
the following month. The minimum payment due will be payment of Buyer\'s
indebtedness in full. If not paid, \[SELLER'S NAME\] may declare the
unpaid balance due and payable immediately. Buyer agrees to pay
collection expenses, including reasonable attorney\'s fees and court
costs, if it is necessary to collect through legal action.

Buyer assumes full responsibility for all materials purchased from
\[SELLER'S NAME\]. Buyer agrees to be personally liable for all charges
and individually guarantees payment of all charges promptly. Buyer
agrees to notify \[SELLER'S NAME\] within \[NUMBER\] days in writing of
receipt of monthly statement of any in billing. Failure to so notify
\[SELLER'S NAME\] signifies total acceptance and responsibility for
prompt payment in full of account.

If materials are ordered to be delivered to a construction job site, the
buyer assumes liability for the materials at the time of delivery
whether or not buyer\'s representative is on hand to acknowledge receipt
of delivery. Buyer agrees to pay standard delivery charges as billed.

Buyer agrees that no refund will be granted unless merchandise is
returned within 30 days with invoice to store where purchases were made
and in original sales condition. Buyer agrees to supply \[SELLER'S
NAME\] with \"Notice of Commencements\", purchase orders, job numbers,
job addresses, and a current list of employees permitted to order,
pickup, and sign for merchandise.

\[SELLER'S NAME\] reserves the right to send out \"Notice to Owners\"
and file Liens on past due accounts and use any legal means available to
force collection if necessary.

SELLER CUSTOMER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature
