Commercial Lease, Offer to by Tenant

Tenant hereby offers to lease from the Landlord the premises known as
being \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Premises\") in the building
(\"Building\") situated thereon, and located at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Address), upon and subject to the
following terms and conditions:

1\. [Term]{.underline}. The term of the lease (\"Term\") shall begin on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Commencement Date") and end on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Termination Date").

2\. [Rental]{.underline}. The annual rental (\"Rent\") for the Term
shall be \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, payable in equal monthly
installments of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, due on the first day of each month
in advance. Tenant shall also pay all realty taxes, business taxes,
heating, utilities, water, fire insurance, public liability insurance,
maintenance and snow removal costs if any associated with the Premises,
including all repairs to the Building (reasonable wear and tear
excluded) save and except for structural repairs or repairs of a capital
nature, it being understood that the Rent is net to the Landlord.

3\. [Option to Renew]{.underline}. Provided that Tenant is not in
default under the lease, Tenant shall have the option, exercisable upon
no less than three (3) months prior written notice to Landlord, to renew
the Term for one further term of. The terms and conditions of the
renewal term shall be the same as in the original Term except as to
rental which shall be agreed to between Landlord and Tenant, and except
as to any further rights of renewal. In the event that Landlord and
Tenant are unable to agree on the rental rate for a renewal term, the
matter will be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the applicable law
then in effect.

4\. [Deposit]{.underline}. Tenant hereby submits a check in the sum of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ payable to the Landlord as a deposit pending completion
or other termination of this Offer to be applied against the first
month\'s rent of the initial Term. Upon acceptance of this Offer by
Landlord, Tenant will provide Landlord with the further sum of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as a further deposit pending completion or other
termination of this Offer to be applied against the last month\'s rent
of the Term. In the event that this transaction is not completed in
accordance with the terms and conditions hereof or this Offer is not
accepted by Landlord, all deposits submitted to Landlord shall be
forthwith returned to Tenant.

5\. [Formal Lease]{.underline}. A formal lease shall be drawn up by
Landlord and executed by both parties, subject to Tenant\'s attorney's
reasonable approval. The lease shall incorporate all of the provisions
of this Offer to Lease.

6\. [Use]{.underline}. The Premises shall be used for
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any other related uses.

7\. [Occupancy]{.underline}. Tenant shall be given vacant possession to
Premises on or before the Commencement Date. Landlord acknowledges that
as of Commencement Date there will be no existing leases, options to
lease, rights of renewal or any other leasehold interest in the
property.

8\. [Alterations to Building]{.underline}. Tenant shall be permitted to
make such alterations, expansions or renovations to the Building
(\"Tenant\'s Work\") as it so chooses, provided that all plans for such
work shall require Landlord\'s consent, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld. Tenant\'s Work shall in all instances be in
accordance with all municipal building codes, by-laws and other
governmental rules.

9\. [Equipment and Fixture Removal]{.underline}. Any equipment or
fixtures installed by Tenant on the Premises may be removed by Tenant at
any time, provided that any damage caused by such removal, normal wear
and tear excepted, shall be reasonably repaired by Tenant at Tenant\'s
own expense. Upon expiration or earlier termination of Lease, Tenant
will not be responsible for removing any Leasehold Improvements or
restoring the Premises to its original condition.

10\. [Signage]{.underline}. Tenant shall have the right to erect and
exhibit such signs and sign structures, as it deems necessary,
identifying Tenant and Tenant\'s business activities, on the Premises,
at Tenant\'s own expense, subject to existing municipal byÂ­laws and
requirements. Upon termination of Lease, Tenant shall be permitted to
remove all such signage at its own expense but shall repair any damage
caused to Premises by such removal.

11\. [Assignment and Subletting]{.underline}. Tenant shall have the
right to assign or sublet its interest in all or part of Premises or
Lease at any time or times upon the prior written approval of Landlord,
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

12\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Landlord:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Tenant:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

13\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

14\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

15\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

16\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

17\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Landlord Tenant

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

# Commercial Lease, Offer to by Tenant

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. An Offer to Lease is an
instrument to offer Landlord a set of terms that Tenant believes is in
its best interests. It provides a chance for the Landlord to see Tenant
is serious, what the projected terms are, and therefore quietly conclude
whether they are acceptable or further negotiations are required. It is
an interesting approach to negotiations that often works well because no
verbal bickering occurs at this stage.

Sign one copy; keep an original. This agreement will be superceded by a
final Lease, if it is enacted at all.
