# Landlord's Consent to Assignment

The undersigned, as owner and lessor of the real property in the lease
agreement dated

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as
tenant (\"Assignor\") and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

the undersigned and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, as landlord,
a copy of which is attached

(\"Lease\"), hereby consents to the assignment of the Lease by Assignor
to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(\"Assignee\"). The undersigned does not consent to any further
assignment or subletting of the leased premises.

The undersigned hereby certifies in respect of the Lease that:

A. The Assignor is tenant under the Lease.

B. The Lease as attached hereto is in full force and effect and Assignor
is not in default hereunder.

Assignor remains fully responsible under the lease until it is
completely discharged. If Assignee does not make complete payments to
landlord, assignor must seek recourse from the Assignee. Landlord will
accept direct payments from Assignee only as a courtesy and that action
will imply no release of Assignor from the original lease.

The undersigned, in the event Assignee exercises the option to extend or
renew the Lease, if any, or if Assignee otherwise agrees to extend or
renew the Lease, does hereby release Assignor, from any liability to the
undersigned under the terms and conditions of said Lease which accrue
and become due during the extended term thereof.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Landlord Assignee Assignor

## Landlord Consent to Assignment

Review List

This review list is provided to help you to complete the Landlord\'s
Consent to Assignment and to ensure that the necessary steps are taken
to make it binding as well as to inform you as to the continued
liabilities of the Assignor.

1\. The Landlord\'s Consent to Assignment is used when a landlord agrees
to the assignment of the tenant\'s interest in the lease to a new
tenant. This assignment, however, does not release the Assignor from
payment responsibilities. Rarely will a landlord let an assignor "off
the hook" for rent due from a new tenant. Therefore, the Assignor must
set up a separate agreement with the Assignee to get paid. A promissory
note is best, with the provision of offset for all payments made under
the lease. This step can be done expeditiously with the other documents
being signed. If not done, the Assignor may have to chase the Assignee
for the money, on a less well-documented basis, at a later date. The
best solution for the Assignor, as a rule, is to get the Assignee to
take over a new lease and cancel the old lease, unless, of course, the
Assignor is getting a premium for rerenting the leased space to him or
her.

2\. The document need only be signed by the Landlord. However, it is in
the best interests of the parties to have all three parties to the
Consent sign the document to indicate their agreement to the terms and
conditions. Sign in multiple copies of at least 3 so everyone has an
original copy.
