# Rent Increase Notice

Dear: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

We appreciate your tenancy. Due to general cost increases, we
reluctantly are required to increase your rent. This letter is to advise
you formally that your rent is being increased to \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
per month as of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date).

This increase does not effect any of our mutual obligations under your
lease. For example, your rent due date will remain the first of the
month or before.

Thank you for your understanding of the cost pressures on us as we do
those upon yourself. We appreciate your tenancy and hope you will remain
for a long time.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Landlord

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Rent Increase Notice

Review list

This review list is provided to help you create the Rent Increase
Notice. This letter should be sent as soon as you have determined that a
rent increase is in order and/or allowed under your lease or agreement
with the tenant. Sending this letter immediately adds credibility to the
landlord\'s contention that cost increases force this decision on your
part. Note that while this is a big and good day for the landlord, it is
a bad one for the tenant. Be as nice and reasonable as you can in your
correspondence while retaining a firm position that the increase is
required.

1\. The Rent Increase Notice should be signed by a representative of the
landlord. Make sure to keep a copy of the letter with all of your
documents concerning that tenant, such as the lease and late notices or
other documents.

2\. This letter should be addressed to the tenant at the leased premises
address. Smart landlords are obtaining email and fax numbers for their
tenants. This makes for faster and easier correspondence. Many tenants
respond better to an email, for example, when they hardly ever respond
to regular mail. This is especially true of younger people, more
accustomed to email, who are a large portion of the renting population.
If the tenant is a corporation, it is more effective to address the
letter to an individual known to you than to a department name.

3\. Remember that, to a large degree, this is a sales letter---you are
trying to "sell" the tenant amicably on accepting your rent increase,
remaining a satisfied tenant, and doing no harm to the premises. It
doesn't hurt to start out nicely; you can get tough later, if required.
However, remember, that most venues favor the tenant over the landlord
so you are well advised to use encouragement more than legal tactics to
get the results you want.
