Repairs Notice to Tenant

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

As you know, your lease obligates you to keep your rented premises in
good condition. After a routine inspection as permitted under your
lease, we have determined that you must make the following repairs
promptly:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Please arrange to make these repairs promptly and let us know by letter,
fax, or email what arrangements you have made to get each repair done in
a timely manner. Should you need any recommendation as to vendors or
contractors, we keep a list and you are welcome to receive a copy of it.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Landlord Date

cc (Any related party such as a guarantor)

Repairs Notice to Tenant

Review list

This review list is provided to help you create the Repairs Notice to
Tenant Letter. The letter should be sent as soon as you have performed
an inspection and determined that the tenant needs to make repairs to
their leased premises. Sending this letter immediately after the
inspection adds credibility to the landlord\'s demand that repairs need
to be made immediately.

1\. The Notice to Tenant to Make Repairs Letter should be signed by a
representative of the landlord. Make sure to keep a copy of the letter
with all of your documents concerning that tenant, such as the lease and
late notices or other documents. You should plan on a prompt follow-up
letter, in one to two weeks, if you have not heard back from the tenant.
Repairs, as most landlords know, can be contentious and difficult
matters to negotiate. Some times the offer to arrange for a contractor
to do the work can get it done. You have to use your best judgment in
this matter---and it is not a legal one.

2\. This letter should be addressed to the tenant at the leased premises
address. Smart landlords are obtaining email and fax numbers for their
tenants. This makes for faster and easier correspondence. Many tenants
will answer an email, for example, when they hardly ever respond to
regular mail. This is especially true of younger people, more accustomed
to email, who are a large portion of the renting population. If you have
other parties to the lease, such as guarantors, be sure to copy them on
this letter. In particular, parents of younger tenants will tend to be
much more responsive to your concerns as a landlord than the young
tenant might be themselves. If the tenant is a corporation, it is more
effective to address the letter to an individual known to you than to a
department name.

3\. Remember that, to a large degree, this is a sales letter---you are
trying to "sell" the tenant amicably on fixing up their place. It
doesn't hurt to start out nicely; you can get tough later, if required.
However, remember, that most venues favor the tenant over the landlord
so you are well advised to use encouragement more than legal tactics to
get the results you want.
