Security Deposit Refund, Request by Tenant

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

My lease for \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ends on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. When the lease started, I paid you
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as a security deposit. I request that a full refund of
the security deposit be mailed to the following address:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Thank you for all your helpfulness during my tenancy. If you can do it,
I would appreciate receiving my Security Deposit back within the next
two weeks. If any portion of the security deposit is not returned,
please send a written explanation detailing your reasons.

Thank you again for your help,

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Tenant

Security Deposit Refund, Request by Tenant

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Early submission of your
request, and politely done (this is a Sales call, after all), will give
you the best results. Keep a copy so you can mail it out in two weeks,
with a notation "Second Notice" in handwriting, will help encourage
compliance by the Landlord. Many Landlords try to "get away" with not
paying Security Deposits back, especially if they only own a few units.

If the Landlord does not pay up in a reasonable amount of time, file a
claim in Small Claims Court. Landlords usually lose on these kinds of
issues plus get admonished by the Judge. So filing these claims can
often result in a payment prior to any court appearance being necessary.
In other words, your filing in Small Claims Court will leverage
compliance by the Landlord.

Also, if the Landlord has tried to make unreasonable deductions, the act
of filing in Small Claims Court will soften their approach to the
deductions, knowing they will lose most of them if they go to
court---given most small claim courts biases in favor of Tenants over
Landlords.
