Surrender of Lease and Premises, by Tenant

This Surrender of Lease ("Agreement") dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(\"Landlord\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Tenant\").

Whereas by a lease (\"Lease\") dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, and premises
described in the attached Exhibit 1 (\"Leased Premises\") for a term
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ years upon and subject to the terms and conditions
contained in the Lease; and,

Subject to the provisions hereinafter contained, the rents reserved and
contained in the Lease have been completely paid, and the parties have
agreed that the Tenant has surrendered the Leased Premises and the Lease
to the Landlord as of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, (\"Termination Date\") in
order that the estate, term and interest of the Tenant therein may merge
and be extinguished upon the terms hereinafter contained.

Therefore in consideration of the premises and the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth, other good and valuable consideration and the sum
of one dollar now paid by each party to the other (the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the parties agree as
follows:

1\. The parties acknowledge, confirm and agree that the foregoing
recitals are true in substance and in fact.

2\. Tenant surrenders to Landlord, as of Termination Date, Leased
Premises and Lease and all rights hereunder to the intent that the
unexpired residue of the term of Lease and any renewals shall be merged
and extinguished in the reversion, and Tenant hereby releases in favor
of Landlord, as of Termination Date, all of its right, title and
interest in and to Leased Premises and Lease.

3\. From and after Termination Date (but, for greater certainty, not
before such date), each party releases, remises and forever discharges
the other from the performance of all covenants contained in Lease and
the obligation for all claims hereunder thereafter arising and the
parties agree that as and from such date (but, for greater certainty,
not before such date), Lease shall be of no further force and effect and
the parties shall be relieved of all further liability and obligation
under Lease.

4\. Each party represents and warrants with the other that it has the
good right, full power and authority to assign and surrender Leased
Premises and Lease in the manner aforesaid, and that, as of Termination
Date, none of the parties shall have executed any other instruments,
deeds, or other documents pursuant to which Lease and the unexpired
residue of the term thereof, shall in any way be charged, encumbered,
assigned, or otherwise transferred.

*5.* Each party agrees with the other that it will, at all times
hereafter, upon the reasonable request of any of the other parties,
execute all such further documents in respect of the surrender of Leased
Premises and the lease as may be required to give effect to this
Agreement.

6\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit and be binding upon the
parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns.

In witness whereof, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Landlord Tenant

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness

Enc. Exhibit 1: Description of Leased Premises

Exhibit 1: Description of Leased Premises

# Surrender of Lease and Premises by Tenant

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This document finalizes an
old Landlord/Tenant/Lease situation and extinguishes the liabilities
between the parties. It is not always done but is a helpful form of
legal well care.

1\. Keep signed copies with the original Lease it relates to. This is
normally your last legal dealing with the Lease in question so you can
put these final papers in permanent storage, as a rule, after this
document is completed and signed off on by both parties. If you are the
Landlord, this document may have some value for a New Tenant in this
space. Otherwise, it is rarely used in an active capacity after
signature.
