Tenant's Pre-inspection List

In anticipation of entering into a lease with
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Landlord"), the Landlord and I,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Tenant"), have each examined the premises
and each agrees that the specific items are in good, clean and sanitary
order, and in good condition and repair, unless noted to the contrary in
this checklist.

If Landlord and Tenant do, in fact, enter into a Lease Agreement, then
at the end of the lease term, Tenant agrees to return the premises in a
condition that matches the condition of the premises at the beginning of
the lease term, as reflected in this checklist, except for such
deterioration that might result from normal use of the premises and
furnishings.

As part of the consideration for the rental of the premises, Tenant
voluntarily assumes the risk of any defects in the premises either
known, or that should have been known to Tenant in the exercise of
ordinary care at the beginning of the lease term, unless Tenant gives
written notice to Landlord to correct the defects, prior to entering
into Lease Agreement.

Kitchen: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (OK or Not).

Floors clean

Carpet

Sink

Stopper

Strainer

Countertops

Cabinets

Exhaust fan works

Dishwasher

Refrigerator

Trays and Shelves

Freezer

Microwave

Trash Compactor

Range

Pans/racks

Light switches

Bulbs

Windows

Screens

Drapes, curtains, blinds

Door

Locks

Latches

Surfaces

Walls

Ceiling

Smoke detector

Fire sprinkler, extinguisher

Dining Room: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Floors

Carpets

Lights

Windows

Screens

Walls

Ceiling

Drapes

Blinds

Shades

Doors

Locks

Latches

Surfaces

Fireplace

Flue clean

Ceiling fan

Smoke detector

Bookshelves

Light Switches

Living Room: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Floors

Carpets

Lights

Windows

Screens

Walls

Ceiling

Drapes

Blinds

Shades

Doors

Locks

Latches

Surfaces

Doorstops

Fireplace

Flue clean

Ceiling fan

Smoke detector

Bookshelves

Light Switches

Bathroom 1: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Toilet

Faucets

Sink

Stopper

Mirrors

Towel bars

Shower curtain rod

Shower curtain

Shower enclosure

Cabinet

Tile

Tile grouting

Tub caulking

Tub chips

Bulbs

Light Switches

Vent fan

Floors

Walls

Ceiling

Windows

Screens

Curtains

Blinds

Shades

Doors

Locks

Latches

Surfaces

Bathroom 2 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Make Second column and comment accordingly.

Bedroom 1: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Walls

Floors

Carpets

Ceiling

Lights

Light Switches

Windows

Screens

Curtains

Blinds

Shades

Doors

Locks

Latches

Surfaces

Closets

Smoke alarm

Bedroom 2 or more: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Make extra columns and comment accordingly.

Hall: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Floor

Walls

Stairway

Closets

Ceiling

Light switches

Bulbs

Windows

Doors

Locks

Latches

Surfaces

Smoke alarm

Hall 2: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Make another column and comment accordingly.

Other rooms or locations:

Comments:

Tenant acknowledges that the smoke detector was tested in the Tenant\'s
presence and operated properly and its operation was explained to
Tenant. Tenant agrees to test, and be responsible for testing, the
detector at least once every three months and to report any problems to
Landlord in writing. If the detector is battery operated, Tenant agrees
to replace the battery as necessary with a new alkaline battery (unless
applicable laws require otherwise).

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Tenant Landlord

Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that they have each read this checklist
and agree that the condition and contents of the above-mentioned rental
dwelling are, without exception, as represented in this checklist.
Tenant understands that Tenant is liable for any damage done to this
dwelling as outlined in the Lease Agreement. Both parties acknowledge
receiving a copy of this checklist.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Tenant Landlord

Date:

Tenant's Pre-inspection List

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This list protects the
Tenant from charges against his or her security deposit in the future.
This list protects the Landlord by alerting him or her to excessive
pickiness or concerns of Tenant. If the Tenant does not generally accept
the appearance and condition of the location, then Landlord is better
off selecting another Tenant who will be satisfied with the general
condition of the location. As always, most properties rent at rates
equal to the condition of the premises. If a Tenant is unduly picky
about the property, this indicates Tenant and Landlord have not had a
meeting of the minds about the rent for the actual property. As with
most business transactions, those that start hard usually end hard. So,
if this process starts hard, then the Landlord is advised to let the
Tenant be discouraged and encourage them to withdraw from possible
tenancy (comments to the effect, "This clearly doesn't meet your
standards," and so on and so on).

1.  Be sure to get each party to initial each page and sign the last
    one. Both parties should keep originals in case of any dispute in
    the future. Keep this record with the others for the location and/or
    Tenant or Landlord.
