Contact Name

Address

Address2

City, State/Province

Zip/Postal Code

**OBJECT: SEXUAL HARASSMENT COMPLAINT**

\
Dear \[EMPLOYEE'S NAME\],

This will confirm that we met with you on \[DATE\], to discuss your
allegations of possible sexual harassment by \[ALLEGED HARASSER\]. This
letter explains what the Company policies, as well as state and federal
law, require us to do once we receive such a complaint.

\[COMPANY\] does not ignore sexual harassment in the workplace and is
committed to preventing, investigating and, when appropriate, taking
disciplinary and other action in response to incidents of harassment.
For these reasons, we consider your allegations to be serious.

Specifically, you alleged that the following events occurred:

\[DESCRIBE\]

Our harassment policy requires that we consider both parties\'
understanding of the events about which you complain. Accordingly, we
plan to conduct an investigation regarding the allegations, and we plan
to interview \[THE HARASSER\] and other individuals who may have
knowledge regarding these matters. We will do our best to conduct this
investigation in as sensitive and confidential a manner as the
circumstances allow, and will contact you and \[THE HARASSER\] once that
investigation is complete. If you have other allegations that are not
reflected above, please inform us immediately so that we have complete
information before conducting the investigation.

In the meantime, please be assured that you will not be retaliated
against because you complained about sexual harassment, and that we will
take appropriate action if we determine that harassment has occurred. In
addition, it is in all parties' best interests that disclosure of the
allegations be limited only to those individuals who have a need to know
them. Enclosed with this letter is a copy of \[COMPANY\]\'s sexual
harassment policy for your information.

If you have any questions, or can provide further facts regarding this
matter, feel free to contact me.

Your name

Your title

\(800\) 123-4567

youremail\@yourcompany.com
