**PEER IMPROVEMENT FORM**

One of this company's key values is constant improvement. By
communicating and sharing the knowledge that all of us have regarding
our jobs, clients, customers and other stakeholders, we can learn from
each other to create a long term profitability and a pleasant, even
exciting work environment.

This form asks how a fellow employee can improve their value to this
company, and likewise how you or the company can improve your value to
that employee. A full range of subject areas are covered. After the
subject area headings, you will be given an example of some of the
sub-categories that can be considered in formulating your response. Do
not consider this a limitation, but merely as an example. Some areas may
have little or no application to the employee being reviewed.

For each of the subject areas listed, please indicate how the employee,
company, or you can improve or add value to this employee's performance
in that particular subject area. For example, you may say that John can
"improve his communication skills by listening better and by speaking
louder, especially during group meetings." Or, you may say that John,
who is an engineer, can improve his customer services skills by
"establishing a better relationship with the sales team by having
monthly meetings." Or you may say that "John can help bring in new
clients by giving speeches on how to protect computer access." In the
last example, you may also add that "the company can support John's
effort by allowing him to use some of the audio-visual equipment
maintained by the sales department."

Be honest, positive, understanding and most of all, think about how the
employee can improve. Try not to be vague. Cite specific suggestions and
examples. If you believe the employee has shortcomings, focus on the
conduct, not on the person.

Should you have any questions about the use of this form, please don't
hesitate to contact your supervisor or the human resources department.
You are to turn in this form within two weeks from today.

  -------------------------------------------------------- --
  **Reviewer's Name:**                                     
  **Reviewer's Position:**                                 
  **Employee Name:**                                       
  **Employee Position:**                                   
                                                           
  **Length of Exposure to Employee's Work Performance:**   
                                                           
  -------------------------------------------------------- --

**Describe what you consider to be the 3 most important functions of the
employees' job:**

  ------- --
  **1**   
  **2**   
  **3**   
          
  ------- --

**HOW CAN THIS EMPLOYEE IMPROVE IN THE FOLLOWING AREAS:**

  ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **1. CUSTOMER SERVICE**                           (Focus on customer needs, problem solving, exceeding customer expectations)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **2. QUALITY CONTROL**                            (Accuracy, neatness, thoroughness, precision, exceeds quality benchmarks, seeks constant improvement)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **3. PRODUCTIVITY & PROFITABILITY**               (Quantity of work, time and resource management, adaptability, flexibility, ability to meet deadlines)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **4. INDEPENDENCE**                               (Ability to seek out solutions, seeks new assignments, adaptable to change, initiative)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **5. JOB KNOWLEDGE/ SKILLS**                      (Technical knowledge, hands on skills, use of computer hardware and software, understanding of relationship to the overall company systems)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **6. CREATIVITY, INNOVATION & PROBLEM SOLVING**   (Creates and improves processes and systems, lateral thinking ability, win-win solutions)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **7. INTERPERSONAL RELATIONS**                    (Communication skills, writing, presentation, meeting skills, writing, presentation, team , listening and meeting skills, availability, openness, interrelations with all stakeholders and members of your team, respect for privacy)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **8. INTERDEPARTMENTAL RELATIONS**                (Are there any other teams or departments that the employee can interact with better?)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **9. SUPERVISION SKILLS**                         (Knowledge of subordinate's jobs, delegation, planning, the management of people and systems)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **10. LEADERSHIP ABILITY**                        (Trust, responsibility, vision, integrity)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  ------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**MISCELLANEOUS QUESTIONS:**

**1. If you did a peer appraisal for this employee last year, how do you
feel this employee improved their overall performance since that time?**

  --
  --

**2. How can you help this employee improve their performance?**

  --
  --

**3. What additional resources, tools or training do you believe the
employee needs in order to improve their performance?**

  --
  --

**I hereby certify that the information that I have provided is true and
accurate to the best of my knowledge.**

# Signature Date
