**SUPERIOR IMPROVEMENT FORM**

One of this company's key values is constant improvement. By
communicating and sharing the knowledge that all of us have regarding
our jobs, clients, customers and other stakeholders, we can learn from
each other to create a long-term profitability and a pleasant, even
exciting work environment.

This form asks how your supervisor can improve their value to this
company, and likewise how you or the company can improve your value to
that supervisor. A full range of subject areas are covered. After the
subject area headings, you will be given an example of some of the
sub-categories that can be considered in formulating your response. Do
not consider these as limitations, but merely as an example. Some areas
may have little or no application to the supervisor being reviewed.

For each of the subject areas listed, please indicate how your
supervisor, company, or you can improve or add value to that particular
subject area. For example, you may say that John can "improve his
communication skills by listening better and by speaking louder,
especially during group meetings." Or, you may say that John, who is an
engineer, can improve his customer service skills if he "establishes a
better relationship with the sales team by having monthly meetings." Or
you may say that "John can help bring in new clients by giving speeches
on how to protect computer access." In the last example, you may also
add that "the company can support John's effort by allowing him to use
some of the audio-visual equipment maintained by the sales department."

Be honest, positive, understanding and most of all, think about how your
supervisor can improve. Try not to be vague. Cite specific suggestions
and examples. If you believe your supervisor has shortcomings, focus on
their conduct, not on the person.

Should you have any questions about the use of this form, please don't
hesitate to contact the human resources department. You are to turn in
this form within two weeks from today.

  ---------------------------------------------------------- --
  **Reviewer's Name:**                                       
  **Reviewer's Position:**                                   
  **Supervisor's Name:**                                     
  **Supervisor's Position:**                                 
                                                             
  **Length of Exposure to Supervisor's Work Performance:**   
                                                             
  ---------------------------------------------------------- --

**Describe what you consider to be the 3 most important functions of
your supervisor's job:**

  --------- --
  **1. **   
  **2. **   
  **3. **   
            
  --------- --

**How can your supervisor improve in the following areas:**

  ------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **1. CUSTOMER SERVICE**                           (Focus on customer needs, problem solving, exceeding customer expectations)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **2. QUALITY CONTROL**                            (Accuracy, neatness, thoroughness, precision, exceeds quality benchmarks, seeks constant improvement)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **3. PRODUCTIVITY & PROFITABILITY**               (Quantity of work, time and resource management, adaptability, flexibility, ability to meet deadlines)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **4. INDEPENDENCE**                               (Ability to seek out solutions, seeks new assignments, adaptable to change, initiative)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **5. JOB KNOWLEDGE/ SKILLS**                      (Technical knowledge, hands on skills, use of computer hardware and software, understanding of relationship to the overall company systems)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **6. CREATIVITY, INNOVATION & PROBLEM SOLVING**   (Creates and improves processes and systems, lateral thinking ability, win-win solutions)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **7. INTERPERSONAL RELATIONS**                    (Communication skills, writing, presentation, meeting skills, listening, availability, openness, interrelations with all stakeholders and members of your team, respect for privacy)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **8. INTERDEPARTMENTAL RELATIONS**                (Are there any other teams or departments that your supervisor can interact with better?)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **9. SUPERVISION SKILLS**                         (Knowledge of subordinate's jobs, delegation, planning, the management of people and systems)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  **10. LEADERSHIP ABILITY**                        (Trust, responsibility, vision, integrity)
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
  ------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**MISCELLANEOUS QUESTIONS:**

  --
  --

  --
  --

  --
  --

1.  **If you did a peer appraisal for this supervisor last year, how do
    you feel this supervisor improved their overall performance since
    that time?**

2.  **How can you help your supervisor improve their performance?**

3.  **What additional resources, tools or training do you believe your
    supervisor needs in order to improve their performance?**

I certify that the information provided above is true and accurate to
the best of my knowledge.

# Signature Date
