**[GENERAL POWER OF ATTORNEY]{.underline}**

[This General Power of Attorney (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[ATTORNEY]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Attorney\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[CLIENT]{.underline}[ NAME\]
]{.underline}**[(the \"Client\"), a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located
at:]{.underline}

**[TERMS]{.underline}**

[KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that this Power of Attorney is given by
Client to Attorney and that the Client hereby appoints Attorney to be
its attorney and to do in its name and on its behalf anything that the
Client can lawfully do by an attorney, including but not limited
to;]{.underline}

1.  [To ask, demand, sue for, recover, collect, and receive all sums of
    money, debts, dues, accounts, legacies, bequests, interest,
    dividends, annuities, and demands of every type that are now or may
    later become due, owing, payable or belonging to Client and have,
    use, and take all lawful ways and means in Client's name or
    otherwise for the recovery thereof, by attachments, arrest,
    distress, or otherwise, and to compromise and agree for them and
    acquaintances or other sufficient discharges for them; ]{.underline}

2.  [For Client and in its name, to make, seal, and deliver, to bargain,
    contract, agree for, purchase, receive, and take lands, and
    tenements, and accept the possession of all lands, and all deeds and
    other assurances, in the law therefore, and to lease, let, demise,
    bargain, sell, release, convey, mortgage, and hypothecate lands, and
    tenements on the terms and conditions and under the covenants as
    Attorney thinks fit;]{.underline}

3.  [Also to bargain and agree for, buy, sell, mortgage, hypothecate,
    and in any and every way and manner deal in and with goods, wares,
    and merchandise, choses in action, and other property in possession
    or in action, and to make, do, and transact all and every kind of
    business of every nature and kind;]{.underline}

4.  [And also for Client and in its name, and as Client's act and deed,
    to sign, seal, execute, deliver, and acknowledge the deeds, leases,
    mortgages, hypothecations, contracts, charter, bills of lading,
    bills, bonds, notes, receipts, evidence or debt, releases and
    satisfaction of mortgage, judgments and other debts, and other
    instruments in writing of every kind and nature that may be
    necessary or proper in the premises;]{.underline}

5.  [GIVING AND GRANTING to the Attorney in fact full power and
    authority to do and person every act necessary, requisite, or proper
    to be done as fully as Client might or could do if personally
    present, with full power of substitution and revocation, hereby
    ratifying and confirming all that the Attorney in fact may lawfully
    do or cause to be done by virtue of this Power of
    Attorney.]{.underline}

[All power and authority granted in this power of attorney will
automatically terminate on \[DATE\] unless sooner revoked by
me.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

ATTORNEY CLIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[ACKNOWLEDGMENT]{.underline}**

State of \[STATE\]

[County of \[COUNTY\] ]{.underline}

[On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME OF NOTARY\], notary, personally appeared
\[NAME OF PERSON(S) INVOLVED\], personally known to me (or proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s)
is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument. ]{.underline}

[Witness my hand and official seal. ]{.underline}

[Signature Notary ]{.underline}

[(]{.underline}*[Seal]{.underline}*[)]{.underline}
