Arbitration or Mediation Agreement

This is an Arbitration Agreement between the two parties named below.

WHEREAS:

\(A\) The parties are involved in a dispute;

\(B\) The parties wish to refer the dispute to binding arbitration with
a view to resolving the Dispute in an efficient, expeditious and
inexpensive manner;

In consideration of the premises, the mutual covenants and conditions
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
agree as follows:

1\. The parties agree that the Dispute shall forthwith be referred to
arbitration (the \"Arbitration\") pursuant to the rules of the American
Arbitration Association.

2\. The Arbitration shall be governed by the following rules:

\(a\) the Dispute shall be heard and determined by a single arbitrator
(\"Arbitrator\") who shall be selected by agreement of both parties
hereto. The Arbitrator shall make his or her award in writing either
within three (3) months after entering on the reference or after having
been called on to act by notice in writing from either party to the
submission, whichever is the earlier, or on or before any later date to
which the parties by writing signed by them may from time to time
enlarge the time for making the award;

\(b\) the arbitrator shall have the authority to award costs to
whichever party he or she deems appropriate, failing which the costs
shall be borne equally;

\(c\) if the arbitrator has allowed his time or extended time for making
an award to expire without making an award, either party hereto may
apply to the court having appropriate jurisdiction or to a judge thereof
to appoint an arbitrator who shall have the power to act in the
reference and to make an award as if he or she had been duly appointed
by both parties to the submission and by the consent of such parties;

\(d\) if an arbitrator is appointed pursuant to paragraph 2(b) above,
such arbitrator shall

make his award within two months after the original or extended time
appointed for making the award of the arbitrator has expired or on or
before any later date to which the parties by any writing signed by them
may from time to time enlarge the time for making the award, or if the
parties have not agreed, then within such time as the court or judge
appointing such arbitrator may impose;

\(e\) the decision of the Arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and
binding upon the parties hereto; and

\(f\) there shall be no appeal from the award of the arbitrators or
arbitrator in accordance with the provisions of the court having
appropriate jurisdiction.

3\. The parties agree that the statement of facts which will be
presented to the Arbitrator is as set out forth in Exhibit 2.

4\. The parties agree to split the costs equally for the arbitrator and
provide sufficient deposits and advances so the abitrator can do his or
her work in a timely manner.

5\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns of each of the
parties hereto.

6\. This Agreement is sets forth the entire agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and stands in the place of
any previous agreement, whether oral or in writing. The parties agree
that no amendment to this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties
unless it is in writing and executed by both parties. Any dispute must
be brought in the state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and none other.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties
hereto as of the date written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Exhibit 1: Original Agreement and Subject of Dispute

Exhibit 2: Statement of Facts by the Parties

Arbitration or Mediation Agreement
