Bill of Sale

This Bill of Sale** **made on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and
between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Seller\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Buyer\").

Whereas** **the Seller wishes to sell and the Buyer wishes to buy the
property, assets and undertaking described in Exhibit 1 attached
(collectively the \"Assets\") for the consideration and on the terms and
conditions set forth below:

Therefore, this Bill of Sale** **witnesses that for good and valuable
consideration now paid by the Buyer to the Seller at or before the
execution and delivery of this Bill of Sale, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is acknowledged, the Seller grants, bargains, sells, assigns,
transfers, conveys and sets over to the Buyer the Assets, upon and
subject to the following terms and conditions:

1\. The Seller covenants, warrants and represents that:

\(a\) Seller has good and marketable title to the Assets, free and clear
of any mortgage, charge, security interest, lien, claim, charge or other
encumbrance of any nature or kind whatsoever;

\(b\) Seller has the authority to sell the Assets to the Buyer;

\(c\) Buyer shall, immediately after execution and delivery of this Bill
of Sale, have quiet and peaceful possession and enjoyment of the Assets
for its own use and benefit without any manner of hindrance,
interruption, molestation, claim or demand whatsoever of, from or by the
Seller or any person;

\(d\) Seller will, from time to time and at all times hereafter, on
every reasonable request of the Buyer, make, do and execute or cause to
be made, done and executed all further acts, deeds or assurances as may
be reasonably required by the Buyer for more effectually and completely
vesting in the Buyer the Assets;

\(e\) Seller to indemnify and save harmless the Buyer from all costs,
damages, expenses and other losses resulting or arising from the breach
or untruth of any covenant, warranty or representation made or given by
the Seller hereunder.

2.  This Bill of Sale shall inure to the benefit of the successors and
    assigns of the Buyer.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Seller Buyer

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Exhibit 1: The Collective Assets Referenced in this Bill of Sale

Bill of Sale

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Bills of Sale are often
forgotten in many transactions that are very important to us such as the
purchase of cars, boats, art work, and similarly expensive objects that
you later need, or would prefer, to have clear title to. The Bill of
Sale provides this audit trail. Make copies and have them available for
signature when you buy or sell objects of significant value to you.

1\. Make multiple copies with two for yourself and two for the other
party. Keep one in your records pertaining to the subject matter and the
other in your home safe.
