# Creditor Demand, Response to One

[Option One]{.underline}: You acknowledge the debt and know it must be
paid. However, you believe you are entitled to an offset or reduction,
need time to pay the debt, and/or wish to seek an overall reduction in
the debt in either an absolute or percentage amount.

Date:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Creditor):

Thank you for your letter of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. .

We want you to know we take your concern very seriously, as expressed in
your letter. In that regard, we wish to make the following explanation
and provide the following information:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

We hope you understand our concerns and hope you will seriously consider
compromising your claim as a result. We would welcome your thoughts on
the matter so we can settle this amicably for all parties. Please
contact us at your convenience to discuss the matter further.

Please direct any future communication to me as follows:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Best address; best
phone number; email address, if preferred).

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

[Option Two]{.underline}: You dispute the debt in question. It is not a
secured debt so you feel comfortable in disputing it strongly because
specific collateral cannot be liquidated under the claim (such as your
car under an auto loan or house under a secured mortgage).

Date:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Creditor):

Thank you for your letter of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. .

We want you to know we take your concern seriously, as expressed in your
letter. In that regard we wish to make the following explanation about
our reasons for disputing this debt and provide the following
information for your review:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

You should recognize our position that this debt is disputed in its
entirety for the reasons stated above. We welcome your thoughts on the
matter so we can settle this amicably for all parties. Please contact us
at your convenience to discuss the matter further.

Please direct any future communication to me as follows:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Best address; best
phone number; email address, if preferred).

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

[Option Three]{.underline}: You acknowledge the debt in question and it
is secured by collateral that is important to you (such as your car or
house). You need time or a new plan to pay the indebtedness either
because you simply do not have the money or temporary circumstances are
preventing you from making all of the payments.

Date:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Creditor):

Thank you for your letter of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. .

We want you to know we take your concern very seriously, as expressed in
your letter. In that regard, we wish to make the following explanation
about our reasons for currently not being able to pay our obligations in
a timely manner. In that light, the following information is provided
below for your review:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

You should recognize our position that we owe this debt but are unable
to pay it under the current payment plan because of the unfortunate
circumstances stated above. We would welcome the opportunity, at your
convenience, to discuss the matter more thoroughly and see if we can
settle on a modified but temporary repayment plan until we can once
again commit to making regular payments under the original payment plan.

Please contact us at your convenience to discuss the matter further and
set up a meeting for a thorough discussion of possible options that will
suit your needs and we can responsibly commit to making at this time.

Please direct any future communication to me as follows:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Best address; best
phone number; email address, if preferred).

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

# Credit Demand, Response to

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and to assist you in completing it.

1.  You have one chance to make a first impression. It is important that
    your first contact with the other side is respectful and firm. Keep
    in mind that this is an occasional problem for you. It is their
    life. Collections is a very big business. This is personal for you
    but not for them, unless you make it that way. We encourage you to
    be respectful to them in all your conduct because they encounter
    that approach rarely and, like most people, will respond better to
    good treatment as long as you do not appear "weak" or "vulnerable."
    In addition, more practically, the writer representing the creditor
    usually has substantial discretion to settle and revise
    indebtedness. If you are respectful and make a sound case, they will
    be more apt to use their discretion in your favor to reward your
    behavior and earn their fee at the same time. Therefore, you have
    the opportunity to have a win/win for both sides.

2.  Your objective in your contact is to gauge what they can do. What
    are the limits of their authority to compromise your debt, eliminate
    the indebtedness entirely, and/or set up a new payment plan.
    Interestingly, most Collections people do not alert the debtor as to
    their ability to negotiate. As a result, a lot of deals don't get
    done. Open-ended questions by you can get you a better sense of what
    they can do. Such questions are, "What can you do to settle this
    debt?" "What options can you present that your client might be
    willing to accept?" And so on and so on.

3.  The writer or negotiator writing the letter, except in the case of a
    secured house or car loan, rarely expects to get "all" the money at
    once. They are authorized to compromise. You need to let them
    maintain the fiction of "higher authority" (that is, their client
    decides the final amount, etc., etc.) so they are able to show more
    concern for your side of the equation rather than be harsh with you
    in a one on one negotiation. This approach, then, helps both sides
    reach a meeting of the minds. You, too, can do the same thing. For
    example, "I would love to pay right now but my wife/husband/partner
    won't abide by it." You need to state this credibly so you relieve
    the harshness of the discussion; however, do not take it too far
    because the other side "knows" better.

4.  After a preliminary conversation or meeting, you should have the
    parameters in mind and should be able to determine whether you can
    or cannot meet them. If you can, do it. If you cannot, then you
    probably have litigation in your future and should refer the matter
    over to a lawyer first for their advice and secondly to prepare any
    legal steps required in your defense.

5.  As to the letter itself, you must sign it and include as much detail
    as possible about the whys and wherefores of the deal. Copies of the
    information related to this situation should be put together in a
    clear concise format. This enhances your position, in the eyes of
    the creditor, as to your being a responsible debtor and shows your
    preparation for negotiations. Set up your own file with the same
    copies. We recommend numbering your copies so you have an orderly
    file that can be referred to in sequence (that is, document 1, 2, 3
    and so on).

6.  As with any document in this CD, if you have any questions or
    concerns about your rights, responsibilities or obligations in this
    matter, consult an attorney.
