Extending Closing or Completion Date

This Agreement extends the closing date for the Original Agreement
between the parties dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and attached as Exhibit
1.

The parties wish to extend the date for completing the transactions
contemplated by the Original Agreement to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Extended Date") on which transactions contemplated by Original
Agreement are to be completed.

In consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1\. The parties agree that the recitals above are true and correct in
all material respects.

2\. The parties agree that the Original Agreement is hereby modified and
amended by extending the date for completing the transactions
contemplated by the Original Agreement to Extended Date on which
obligation to be performed.

3\. The parties hereby confirm that (i) all other terms and conditions
of the Original Agreement are in full force and effect, unamended except
as expressly provided in this Agreement; and (ii) time shall remain of
the essence.

4\. This is the entirety of the Agreement. Any changes must be made in
writing and signed by both parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties
hereto as of the date written below.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Extending Closing or Completion Date

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Formalizing extensions is
always a wise practice for both sides. You can easily modify this for
most circumstances whether in real estate, consumer, or business
transactions.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one with the
    transaction file. If especially important to you, put one in your
    home safe.
