Guaranty with pledged collateral

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, receipt of which is hereby and herein acknowledged,
and to induce (the \"Promisee\") to enter into the Agreement dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

with \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(the \"Guarantor\"), executed and effective simultaneously with the
execution and effectiveness of this Guaranty,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the \"Guarantor\"), hereby
unconditionally and absolutely guarantees to the Promisee the
performance by the Guarantor of each and every covenant, agreement and
obligation of the party or parties under the Agreement including,
without limitation, the payment to the Promisee (or, if applicable, his
executors, administrators or personal or legal representatives or estate
or legatees) of all sums due under the Agreement at the time such sums
shall be due and payable.

The Guarantor pledges the following collateral as security under this
Agreement. The collateral shall be held by
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (person or corporation) and security
shall be pledged in the form of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

The obligation of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be a direct and
primary obligation, and the Promisee shall not be required to exhaust
any of the Promisee\'s rights or remedies against the party or parties,
or any Guarantor prior to making any demand on or invoking any of the
Promises rights and remedies against a Guarantor. In furtherance of the
foregoing, Promisee may proceed, at one time or successively and without
notice to any Guarantor, against any Guarantor, or against any one or
more of them. In any action brought by Promisee against a Guarantor
under this Guaranty, no Guarantor shall be entitled to, and shall not,
plead as a defense that Promisee is not legally or equitably insolvent
or is dissolved or liquidated, and each Guarantor covenants and agrees
to pay to the Promisee all costs and expenses (including attorney\'s
fees) incurred by Promisee in any such action.

This Guaranty and all rights, obligations and liabilities arising
hereunder shall be

construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

This Guaranty shall bind each Guarantor below and each Guarantor\'s
respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit** **of
Promisee and Promisee\'s executors, administrators, personal and legal
representatives, and estate and legatees.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Guaranty has been duly executed by the
Guarantor(s) on

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

By:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Guarantor Guarantor (if a second one)

# Guaranty with pledged collateral

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and to assist you in completing it.

1.  A Guaranty is similar to a Promissory Note because it creates a
    conditional obligation to pay a debt. Proper accounting requires
    that the Guaranty be shown as a liability on the personal financial
    statements of the Guarantor or Guarantors. In other words, this is a
    very serious financial commitment and the Guarantor should be sure
    to seek business advice before undertaking this kind of serious
    financial commitment and assure him or herself that the benefits of
    the Agreement being guaranteed are worth the financial risk being
    taken by being a Guarantor to this Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
2.  If you are the Promisee, or the recipient of the benefit of the
    Guarantor's signature, and the Guarantor is a corporation, make sure
    that the person signing the Guaranty is authorized by his or her
    corporation to sign and that the Guaranty does not violate any
    provision in the corporation\'s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws.

3.  The Promisee should understand that this guarantee is a "promise"
    not a guarantee of payment under the original Agreement or under
    this guarantee by the Guarantor or Guarantors. A Guaranty is only as
    good as the financial condition of the Guarantor except in this
    instance when collateral is required in the form of a pledge of
    certain assets such as real estate, stocks or bonds, or other liquid
    financial instruments. The Promisee should be certain, as with any
    collateral, that his or her rights are "perfected" in the
    collateral. Since collateral and perfection are involved, you are
    well served to have a lawyer review this document and these
    provisions in particular so you are best protected should the
    Guaranty have to be called.

4.  As with all documents, laws vary from state to state and change over
    time. Before using this document, have a lawyer review it before
    signing it.

5.  In addition, if you are forced to seek collection under this
    Guaranty, your state laws may require that certain actions first be
    taken against the party that created the original obligation, up to
    and including filing a lawsuit. Consult an attorney if enforcement
    of the Guaranty becomes an issue.

6.  The Promisee should keep the original Guaranty with the note or
    other instrument that is guaranteed in a secure location such as a
    home safe and have copies made and stored, preferably, with your
    attorney and/or accountant.

7.  If you are in a business or situations of dealing with financially
    fragile or unstable entities, such as with young adults or new
    companies, we strongly recommend you use this guaranty to back up
    rent payments (perhaps by the parents of a student or a young
    adult), accounts payable to new firms (by the principals), and other
    such situations. If you have forms "handy" when the initial
    transaction is made, it is much easier to gain a signature.

8.  Collections under Guaranties are often best made in small steps.
    First, consider reducing the Guaranty to an agreed upon Promissory
    Note with interest and collection costs awarded to you if not paid
    in the additional time you grant for extension (anything from 1
    month to several years, depending on your negotiating leverage). If
    not paid under these terms, seek a court order for judgment under
    the Promissory Note. As a rule, you are well advised to employ a
    legal specialist to do this; in this case a Collection Attorney.
    They are specialists in the field and will often undertake the
    process on a contingency or percentage basis, if you desire that
    option. The presence of collateral will vastly improve your chances
    for collection either through concern on the part of the Guarantor
    or Guarantors, which make them, pay "up," or by actual liquidation.

9.  If the liquidation of collateral brings you less than the amount due
    under the Guaranty, you are still able to collect the balance from
    the Guarantor or Guarantors on an unsecured basis.
