**[CLIENT SATISFACTION SURVEY]{.underline}**

[One of the best ways to improve your business relationship with your
clients is to ask them what they think of your services and how you
might improve in order to serve them better. Begin by developing a
]{.underline}*[Client Satisfaction Survey ]{.underline}*[based on the
guidelines and questions below. Personalize it according to what your
organization really needs to know at a given time -- this will become a
regular research tool, so don't worry about asking everything all at
once.]{.underline}

[The ]{.underline}*[Client Satisfaction
]{.underline}[S]{.underline}[urvey]{.underline}*[ should be conducted in
person -- preferably face-to-face. If distance prevents this personal
contact, at least conduct the interview over the telephone after sending
a copy of the form to the interviewee, so he/she can go through the form
with you.]{.underline}

[By conducting the interview rather than having the client just complete
the form, you are giving your client special attention which will leave
a positive impression. If the respondent merely completes the form, you
are imposing on his/her time for your benefit -- not
theirs.]{.underline}

[Personal contact also allows you to \"read between the lines\" and pick
up subtleties that would not appear on the questionnaire. Use the
interview time to build a relationship with the clients at a new level.
Let them know you respect their opinions and value learning from them.
Take the time to ask questions that go beyond the formality of the
questionnaire to learn about the client's emerging needs, test ideas of
new products/services you might offer, and learn about the competition
-- what are they offering and how your organization compares. Never miss
an opportunity to have a client contact -- even if the message you
receive is negative, the client will know that you care. And don't
forget it is also a marketing opportunity.]{.underline}

**[Survey Guidelines]{.underline}**

[A Client Satisfaction Survey should either begin or end with some
identifiers, for example:]{.underline}

-   Client name, address and telephone number;

-   The date;

-   Respondent's name and position.

[Questions should be clear. They should solicit information that will
help you better meet your clients needs and desires. They might
include:]{.underline}

-   [List current products/services provided to client ]{.underline}

-   [What are your specific impressions relating to each product/service
    we provide you? ]{.underline}

-   [What is your perception of the price we charge for each
    product/service? ]{.underline}

-   [How should we improve the quality of each product/service?
    ]{.underline}

-   [How could we improve our delivery of each product/service?
    ]{.underline}

-   [What is your perception of the technical support we provide? Does
    it meet your expectations?]{.underline}

-   [What is your perception of the frequency and quality of the
    non-technical contacts we have with you and other members of your
    organization? ]{.underline}

-   [How do you perceive us with respect to our competitors?
    ]{.underline}

-   [What other products/services would you like to receive from us?
    ]{.underline}

-   [What are the three best aspects of your purchasing
    products/services from us? ]{.underline}

-   [In which areas should we improve our organization, our
    products/services, our marketing, and our delivery? ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Any other thoughts you might like to share concerning our
    organization and how we are perceived by your organization and the
    marketplace? ]{.underline}

**[The following are some hints for successful client satisfaction
surveying:]{.underline}**

-   Be brief -- the person completing your survey is doing you a favor

-   Be focused -- a way to be brief, think about what is important to
    you now. Since asking will be a regularly scheduled marketing
    activity, there will be other opportunities to pursue other areas of
    interest.

-   Don't ask too often -- but do ask regularly. You may want to use the
    survey annually or a few months after a significant change in your
    clients' management.

-   Ask questions in an orderly sequence and wording -- test the survey
    to see if it conveys what you want to know clearly and concisely.

-   Limit identifiers -- those questions that are at the beginning or
    end of the survey that categorize the person/organization being
    surveyed.

-   For trend data, be consistent -- For example when questioning
    satisfaction, consider asking it with respect to a reference such as
    \"this year\" as opposed to \"last year.\"

-   Say thank you.

-   Get help -- Surveys take time and cost money. Consider getting
    professional help in drafting the survey instrument and the method
    for conducting the survey, as appropriate.

**[Three other points to keep in mind:]{.underline}**

1.  When asking, expect criticism. This could be the most important
    result of the survey, so don't be defensive and be positive in your
    desire to improve your product/service delivery.

2.  [Listen carefully, you may know the answer, but since you asked, let
    the person being surveyed respond at his/her pace and fully---some
    responses may even be surprising. If you are asked a question during
    your interview or if you are presented with a criticism, respond.
    ]{.underline}

3.  [Remember the clients may not always be right, but they are the
    clients and should be treated in a way that makes them feel that
    their inputs are valuable to you.]{.underline}
