**GENERAL CONTINUING GUARANTY**

This General Continuing Guaranty (the \"Guaranty\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[SELLER NAME\]** (the \"Seller\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[GUARANTOR NAME\]** (the \"Guarantor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

In order to induce Company and any other Co-Buyer or Participant as
specified in the Agreements to extend and/or to continue to extend
financial accommodations to the Seller specified below, or pursuant to
any other present or future agreement between Buyer and Seller
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Agreements"), and in
consideration thereof, and in consideration of any loans, advances, or
financial accommodations heretofore or hereafter granted by Buyer to or
for the account of Seller, whether pursuant to the Agreements, or
otherwise, the undersigned officer(s), authorized agent(s) or third
party guarantors of Seller (hereinafter collectively and individually
referred to as the Guarantor) hereby, jointly and severally, guarantees,
promises and undertakes as follows:

1.  **GUARANTY OF OBLIGATIONS**

Guarantor unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees and
promises to pay to Buyer, on order or demand, in lawful money of
\[COUNTRY\], any and all indebtedness and obligations of Seller to Buyer
and the payment to Buyer of all sums which may be presently due and
owing to Buyer from Seller whether under the Agreements or otherwise.
The terms indebtedness and obligations are (hereinafter collectively
referred to as the Obligations) used herein in their most comprehensive
sense and include any and all advances, debts, obligations and
liabilities of Seller, heretofore, now, or hereafter made, incurred or
created, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, and however arising
(including, without limitation, indebtedness owing by Seller to third
parties who have granted Buyer a security interest in the accounts,
chattel paper and general intangibles of said third party; and further
including, without limitation, any and all attorneys fees, expenses,
costs, premiums, charges and interest owed by Seller to Buyer, whether
under the Agreements, or otherwise) whether due or not due, absolute or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or undetermined,
whether Seller may be liable individually or jointly with others,
whether recovery upon such indebtedness may be or hereafter becomes
barred by any statute of limitations or whether such indebtedness may be
or hereafter becomes otherwise unenforceable, and includes Sellers
prompt, full and faithful performance, observance and discharge of each
and every term, condition, agreement, representation, warranty
undertaking and provision to be performed by Seller under these
Agreements.

1.  **CONTINUING GUARANTY **

This General Continuing Guaranty (the "Guaranty") is a continuing
guaranty which shall remain effective until this Guaranty has been
expressly terminated and relates to any obligations including those
which arise under successive transactions which shall either continue
the Obligations from time to time or renew them after they have been
satisfied. Any such termination shall be applicable only after written
notice to Buyer, and only to transactions having their inception prior
to such date. No termination shall be effective until such time as Buyer
is no longer committed or otherwise obligated to make any loans or
advances, or to grant any credit to Seller. In the absence of any
termination of this Guaranty, Guarantor agrees that nothing shall
discharge or satisfy its obligations created hereunder except for the
full payment and performance of the Obligations with interest.

1.  **RIGHTS ARE INDEPENDENT **

Guarantor agrees that it is directly and primarily liable to Buyer, that
the obligations hereunder are independent of the obligations of Seller
and that a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted
against Guarantor, whether action is brought against Seller or whether
Seller is joined in any such action or actions. Guarantor agrees that
any releases which may be given by Buyer to Seller or any other
guarantor or endorser shall not release it from this Guaranty.

1.  **DEFAULT **

In the event that any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar
proceeding is instituted by or against Guarantor and/or the Seller or in
the event that either the Guarantor or Seller become insolvent, make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or attempt to effect a
composition with creditors, or if there be any default under the
Agreements (whether declared or not), then, at Buyers election, without
notice or demand, the Obligations of Guarantor created hereunder shall
become due, payable and enforceable against Guarantor whether or not the
Obligations are then due and payable.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Guarantor agrees to indemnify Buyer and hold Buyer harmless against all
obligations, demands and liabilities, by whomsoever asserted and against
all losses in any way suffered, incurred or paid by Buyer as a result of
or in any way arising out of, following or consequential to transactions
with Seller whether under the Agreements, or otherwise, and also agrees
that this Guaranty shall not be impaired by any modification,
supplement, extension or amendment of any contract or agreement to which
Buyer and Seller may hereafter agree, nor by any modification, release
or other alteration of any of the Obligations hereby guaranteed or of
any security therefor, nor by any agreements or arrangements whatever
with Seller or anyone else.

1.  **CONSENT TO MODIFICATIONS **

Guarantor hereby authorizes Buyer, without notice or demand and without
affecting its liability hereunder, from time to time to:

a.  Apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof
    as Buyer in its discretion may determine;

b.  Release or substitute any one or more endorser(s) or guarantor(s);
    and

c.  Assign, without notice, this Guaranty in whole or in part and Buyers
    rights hereunder to anyone at any time.

Guarantor agrees that Buyer may do any or all of the foregoing in such
manner, upon such terms, and at such times as Buyer, in its discretion,
deems advisable, without, in any way or respect, impairing, affecting,
reducing or releasing Guarantor from its undertakings hereunder and
Guarantor hereby consents to each and all of the foregoing acts, events
and occurrences.

1.  **WAIVER OF DEFENSES **

Guarantor hereby waives any right to assert against Buyer as a defense,
counterclaim, setoff on cross claim, any defense (legal or equitable),
setoff, counterclaim and claim which Guarantor may now or at any time
hereafter have against Seller and any other party liable to Buyer in any
way or manner.

Guarantor hereby waives all defenses, counterclaims and offsets of any
kind or nature, arising directly or indirectly from the present or
future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity or enforceability of
the agreements or any security interest thereunder.

Guarantor hereby waives any defense arising by reason of any claim or
defense based upon an election of remedies by Buyer, which, in any
manner impairs, affects, reduces, releases, destroys or extinguishes
Guarantors subrogation rights, rights to proceed against Seller for
reimbursement, or any other rights of the Guarantor or against any other
person or security, including, but not limited to, any defense based
upon an election of remedies by Buyer under the provisions of applicable
state law, or of \[COUNTRY\]. Guarantor waives all presentments, demands
for performance, notices of nonperformance, protests, notices of
protests, notice of dishonor, notices of default, notice of acceptance
of this Guaranty, and notices of the existence, creating or incurring of
new or additional indebtedness, and all other

notices or formalities to which Guarantor may be entitled.

1.  **WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL **

Guarantor waives any right to a jury trial in any action hereunder or
arising out of Buyers transactions with Seller.

1.  **WAIVER OF RIGHTS OF SUBROGATION **

The Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, reimbursement,
exoneration, contribution or any other rights that would result in the
Guarantor being deemed a creditor of Seller under \[COUNTRY\] Bankruptcy
Code or any other law or for any other purpose and the Guarantor hereby
irrevocably waives all such rights, the right to assert any such rights
and any right to enforce any remedy which Guarantor may now or hereafter
have against Seller and hereby irrevocably waives any benefit of and any
right to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by Buyer,
whether any of the foregoing rights arise in equity, at law or by
contract.

As a condition to payment or performance by Guarantor under this
Guaranty, Buyer shall not be required to, and Guarantor hereby waives
any and all rights to require Buyer to prosecute or seek to enforce any
remedies against Seller or any other party liable to Buyer on account of
the Obligations or to require Buyer to seek to enforce or resort to any
remedies with respect to any security interests, liens or encumbrances
granted to Buyer by Seller or any other party on account of the
Obligations.

Any and all present and future debts and obligations of Seller to
Guarantor are hereby postponed in favor of and subordinated to the full
payment and performance of all present and future debts and obligations
of Seller to Buyer. All monies or other property of Guarantor at any
time in Buyers possession may be held by Buyer as security for any and
all obligations of Guarantor to Buyer no matter now existing or
hereafter arising, whether absolute or contingent, whether due or to
become due, and whether under this Guaranty or otherwise. Guarantor also
agrees that Buyers books and records showing the account between Buyer
and Seller shall be admissible in any action or proceeding and shall be
binding upon Guarantor for the

purpose of establishing the terms set forth therein and shall constitute
prima facie proof thereof.

1.  **FINANCIAL CONDITION OF SELLER **

Guarantor is presently informed of the financial condition of the Seller
and of all other circumstances which a diligent inquiry would reveal and
which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations. Guarantor
hereby covenants that it will continue to keep itself informed of
Sellers financial condition and of all other circumstances, which bear
upon the risk of nonpayment. Absent a written request for such
information by the Guarantor to Buyer, Guarantor hereby waives its
right, if any, to require, and Buyer is relieved of any obligation or
duty to disclose to Guarantor any information which Buyer may now or
hereafter acquire concerning such condition or circumstances.

1.  **TERMINATION**

The Guarantors obligation under this Guaranty shall continue in full
force and effect until Sellers Obligations are fully paid, performed and
discharged and Buyer gives the Guarantor written notice of that fact.
Sellers Obligations shall not be considered fully paid, performed and
discharged unless and until all payments by Seller to Buyer are no
longer subject to any right on the part of any person whomsoever;
including but not limited to Seller, Seller as a debtor-in-possession,
or any trustee or receiver in bankruptcy, to set aside such payments or
seek to recoup the amount of such payments, or any part thereof. The
foregoing shall include, by way of example and not by way of limitation,
all rights to recover preferences voidable under \[COUNTRY\] Code. In
the event that any such payments by Seller to Buyer are set aside after
the making thereof, in whole or in part, or settled without litigation,
to the extent of such settlement, all of which is within Buyers
discretion, Guarantor shall be liable for the full amount Buyer is
required to repay plus costs, interest, attorneys fees and any and all
expenses which Buyer paid or incurred in connection therewith.

No termination of this Guaranty shall be effective except by notice sent
to Buyer by certified mail, return receipt requested (which shall be
evidenced by a properly validated return receipt), naming a termination

date effective not less than \[NUMBER\] days after the receipt of such
notice by Buyer. Such a termination shall not be effective as to any
Guarantor who has not given such notice and shall not affect the
application of this Guaranty to any transaction or indebtedness effected
prior to the effective date of termination.

1.  **SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS **

This Guaranty shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the
Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of Buyers successors and
assigns. The death of Guarantor shall not terminate this Guaranty.

**13. MODIFICATIONS **

This Guaranty cannot be modified orally. No modification of this
Guaranty shall be effective for any purpose unless it is in writing and
executed by an officer of Buyer authorized to do so. All prior
agreements, understandings, representations and negotiations; if any,
are merged into this Guaranty.

1.  **ATTORNEYS FEES **

Guarantor agrees to pay all attorneys fees and all other costs and
out-of-pocket expenses which may be incurred by Buyer in the enforcement
of this Guaranty or in any way arising out of, following or
consequential to the enforcement of Sellers Obligations, whether under
this Guaranty, the Agreements, or otherwise.

1.  **JOINT AND SEVERAL **

In all cases where the word Guarantor is used in this Guaranty, it shall
mean and apply equally to each and all of the individuals and/or
entities, which have executed this Guaranty. All of the obligations of
the Guarantor hereunder shall be joint and several.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

All acts and transactions hereunder and the rights and obligations of
the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ADDITIONAL WAIVERS **

Guarantor waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of
remedies by the Buyer, even though that election of remedies, such as a
non judicial foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed
obligation, had destroyed the Guarantors rights of subrogation and
reimbursement against the principal by operation of \[CODE, LAW OR ACT\]
or otherwise.

1.  **SECTION NUMBERS AND HEADINGS**

Section numbers and section titles have been set forth herein for
convenience only; they shall not be construed to limit or extend the
meaning of any part of this Guaranty.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Guaranty to be duly
executed as of the day and year written below.

SELLER GUARANTOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
