**PLEDGE OF SHARES OF STOCK**

This Pledge of Shares of Stock (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective
the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[PLEDGOR NAME\]** (the \"Pledgor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[FIRST PLEDGEE NAME\]** (the \"First Pledgee\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[SECOND PLEDGEE NAME\]** (the \"Second Pledgee\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**BE IT KNOWN**, for value received, the Pledgor hereby deposits,
delivers to and pledges with Pledges of \[Guaranties\] as collateral
security to secure the payment of the following described debt owning
Pledges:

\[DESCRIBE\]

The share of stock, described as \[NUMBER\] shares of stock of
\[CORPORATION\] represented as Stock Certificates \[NO.\].

It is further agreed that :

1.  Pledges may assign or transfer said debt and the collateral pledged
    hereunder to any third party.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  In the event a stock dividend or further issue of stock in the
    Corporation is issued to the Pledgor, the Pledgor shall pledge said
    shares as additional collateral for the debt.

2.  That during the term of this pledge agreement, and so long as it is
    not in default, the Pledgor shall have full rights to vote said
    shares and be entitled to all dividends income, except that stock
    dividends shall also be pledged.

3.  That during the tendency of this agreement, the Pledgor shall not
    issue any proxy or assignment of rights to the pledged shares.

4.  The Pledgor warrants and represents it has good title to the shares
    being pledge, they are free from liens and encumbrances or prior
    pledge, and the Pledgor has full authority to transfer said shares
    as collateral security.

5.  Upon default of payment of the debt, or breach of this pledge
    agreement, the Pledgee or holder shall have full rights to foreclose
    on the pledged shares and exercise its rights as a secured party
    pursuant to \[CODE\]; and said rights being cumulative with any
    other rights the Pledgee or holder may have against the Pledgor.

The Pledgor understands that upon foreclosure the pledged shares may be
sold at public auction or public sale. The Pledgor shall be provided
reasonable notice of any said intended sale and the Pledgor shall have
full rights to redeem said shares at any time prior to said sale upon
payment of the balance due hereunder, and accrued costs of collection.
In the event the shares shall be sold for less than the amount then
owing, the Pledgor shall be liable for any deficiency.

Upon payment of the obligation for which the shares are pledged, the
shares shall be returned to the Pledgor and this pledge agreement shall
be terminated.

This pledge agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties, their successors, assigns and personal representatives.

Upon default the Pledgor shall pay all reasonable attorneys\' fees and
cost of collections.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed and sealed these presents
the day and year first above written.

Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of:

Witness PLEDGOR

Witness FIRST PLEDGEE

Witness SECOND PLEDGEE

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

In the City of \[CITY\], in the State/Province of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]

\
On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME\], personally appeared \[FIRST PARTY
NAME\], personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.\
\
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Signature\
\
Affiant \_\_\_\_Known \_\_\_\_Unknown

ID Produced\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
(Seal)
