**AUTHOR/PUBLISHER NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT**

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[Date\]

**BETWEEN: \[AUTHOR NAME\]** (the \"Author\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[PUBLISHER NAME\]** (the \"Publisher\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

WHEREAS the Author has developed a proprietary system which the
Publisher desires to have demonstrated by the Author;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained
herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **DEMONSTRATION**

In order to explore the possibility of a future collaboration between
the Author and the Publisher regarding the system, the Author shall
demonstrate the system to the Publisher on the Publisher\'s computer
equipment located at the Publisher\'s main office. A demonstration of
the system will take place for one day only and will require the loading
of the system into the Publisher\'s computer. The Publisher acknowledges
that the system is being demonstrated to the Publisher and being loaded
into the Publisher\'s computer equipment solely for demonstration
purposes. The Publisher acknowledges that the system is a proprietary
product of the Author.

1.  **Proprietary Rights**

All applicable rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade
secrets of the system are retained exclusively by the Author, and the
Publisher shall acquire no rights or interests in the system by virtue
of the demonstration of the system. The Publisher acknowledges that the
confidentiality of the system, including the algorithms, is essential to
the business of the Author. The Publisher hereby agrees not to disclose
to any person whatsoever at any time during or after the demonstration
of the system any aspect of the system, including the algorithms
contained therein, or to permit any person whatsoever to examine or make
copies of any listings, files, object code, source code or other
information regarding or generated by the system which come into the
Publisher\'s possession or under the Publisher\'s control by reason of
the demonstration of the system. The Publisher acknowledges that
disclosure of any information regarding the system will give rise to
irreparable injury to the Author, inadequately compensable in damages.
Accordingly, the Publisher hereby consents to obtaining by the Author of
injunctive relief against the breach or threatened breach of the
undertakings of the Publisher contained herein.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

At the conclusion of the demonstration of the system, the publisher
shall, and hereby agrees to, erase or destroy copies of the system, any
portions thereof, or any information generated thereby, whether such be
in electronic, magnetic, printed or other form. The Publisher further
agrees that it will not copy or permit to be copied any system backup
routine or similar routines of the system. The Publisher further agrees
to take such steps as may be necessary or appropriate to maintain the
confidentiality of the system during such time as the system may be
evident on the Publisher\'s computer equipment or otherwise in the
control of the Publisher or its employees, in a manner at least as
secure as the Publisher maintains its own most confidential information
and data.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

AUTHOR PUBLISHER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
