**CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT**

This Confidentiality Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[Date\]

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[SIGNATOR NAME\]** (the \"Signator\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **LENGTH OF AGREEMENT **

This Agreement begins retroactively to the beginning of Signator's
relationship with Company and remains in effect at all times during any
consulting, partnering, or other business relationship between the
parties and for the periods of time specified thereafter as set forth
below. This Agreement does not create any form of continued business
relationship other than as set forth in a separate written agreement
signed and dated by all parties.

1.  **REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES **

Signator represents and warrants that their relationship with Company
will not cause or require it to breach any obligation to, agreement, or
confidence related to confidential, trade secret and proprietary
information with any other person, company or entity. Further, Signator
acknowledges that a condition of this relationship is that it has not
brought and will not bring or use in the performance of its duties at
Company any proprietary or confidential information, whether or not in
writing, of a former employer without that employer's written
authorization. Breach of this condition results in automatic termination
of the relationship as of the time of breach. Except as may be noted on
the back of the signature page hereof, there are no inventions of
Signator heretofore made or conceived by Signator that Signator deems to
be excluded from the scope of this Agreement, and Signator hereby
releases Company from any and all claims by the Signator by reason of
any use by Company of any invention heretofore made or conceived by
Signator.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

    a.  Signator hereby acknowledges that Company has made, or may make,
        available to Signator certain customer lists, pricing data,
        supply sources, techniques, computerized data, maps, methods,
        product design information, market information, technical
        information, benchmarks, performance standards and other
        confidential and/or Proprietary Information of, or licensed to,
        the Company or its clients/customers ("Customers"), including
        without limitation, trade secrets, inventions, patents, and
        copyrighted materials (collectively, the "Confidential
        Material").

    b.  Signator acknowledges that this information has independent
        economic value, actual or potential, that is not generally known
        to the public or to others who could obtain economic value from
        their disclosure or use, and that this information is subject to
        a reasonable effort by the Company to maintain its secrecy and
        confidentiality. Except as essential to Signator's obligation
        under this Agreement, Signator shall not make any disclosure of
        this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement, or any of the
        Confidential Material. Except as essential to Signator\'s
        obligations pursuant to their relationship with the Company,
        Signator shall not make any duplication or other copy of the
        Confidential Material.

    c.  Signator shall not remove Confidential Material or proprietary
        property or documents without written authorization. Immediately
        upon request from Company, Signator shall return to Company all
        Confidential Material or proprietary property or documents.
        Signator shall notify each person to whom any disclosure is made
        that such disclosure is made in confidence, that the
        Confidential Material shall be kept in confidence by such
        persons, and that such persons shall be bound by the provisions
        of this Agreement. Signator further promises and agrees not
        solicit Customers or potential Customers of the Company, after
        the termination of this Agreement, while making use of Company's
        Confidentiality Material.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PROPRIETARY INFORMATION **

    a.  For the purpose of this Agreement, "Proprietary Information"
        shall include, but not limited to any information, observation,
        data, written material, record, document, drawing, photograph,
        layout, computer program, software, multimedia, firmware,
        invention, discovery, improvement, development, tool, machine,
        apparatus, appliance, design, work of authorship, logo, system,
        promotional idea, customer list, customer need, practice,
        pricing information, process, test, concept, formula, method,
        market information, technique, trade secret, product and/or
        research related to the actual or anticipated research
        development, products, organization, marketing, advertising,
        business or finances of Company, its affiliates or related
        entities.

    b.  All right, title, and interest of every kind and nature
        whatsoever in and to the Proprietary Information made, written,
        discussed, developed, secured, obtained or learned by Signator
        during the term of the relationship with the Company or the
        \[TIME\] period immediately following termination of that
        relationship, shall be the sole and exclusive property of
        Company for any purpose or use whatsoever, and shall be
        disclosed promptly by Signator to Company. The covenants set
        forth in the preceding sentence shall apply regardless of
        whether any Propriety Information is made, written, discussed,
        developed, secured, obtained or learned (a) solely or jointly
        with others, (b) during the usual hours of work or
        otherwise, (c) at the request and upon the suggestion of Company
        or otherwise, (d) with Company's materials, tools, instruments,
        or (e) on Company\'s premises or otherwise.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Signator shall comply with any reasonable rules established from
    time to time by Company for the protection of the confidentiality of
    any Proprietary Information. Signator irrevocably appoints the
    President and all Vice Presidents of the Company to act as
    Signator's agent and attorney-in-fact to perform all acts necessary
    to obtain and/or maintain patents, copyrights and similar rights to
    any Proprietary Information assigned by Signator to Company under
    this Agreement if (a) Signator refuses to perform those acts, or (b)
    is unavailable, within the meaning of any applicable laws. Signator
    acknowledges that the grant of the foregoing power of attorney is
    coupled with an interest and shall survive the death or disability
    of Signator.

b.  Signator shall promptly and fully disclose to Company, in
    confidence (a) all Proprietary Information that Signator creates,
    conceives or reduces to practice in writing either alone or with
    others during the term of this Agreement, and (b) all patent
    applications and copyright registrations filed by Signator within
    one year after termination of this Agreement, including but not
    limited to materials and methodologies involved.

c.  Any application for a patent, copyright registration or similar
    right filed by Signator within one year after termination of this
    Agreement shall be presumed to relate to Proprietary Information
    created by Signator during the term of this Agreement, unless
    Signator can prove otherwise with reasonable certainty.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude
    Company from exercising all of its rights and privileges as sole and
    exclusive owner of all of the Proprietary Information owned by or
    assigned to Company under this Agreement. Company, in exercising
    such rights and privileges with respect to any particular item of
    Proprietary Information, may decide not to file any patent
    application or any copyright registration on such Proprietary
    Information, may decide to maintain such Proprietary Information as
    secret and confidential, or may decide to abandon such Propriety
    Information, or dedicate it to the public. Signator shall have no
    authority to exercise any rights or privileges with respect to the
    Proprietary Information owned by or assigned to Company under this
    Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **WORKS FOR HIRE **

    a.  Signator acknowledges that all works of authorship performed for
        Company are subject to Company's direction and control and that
        such works constitute a work for hire pursuant to \[LAW\].

    b.  All Propriety Information developed, created, invented, devised,
        conceived or discovered by Signator that is subject to copyright
        are explicitly considered by Signator and Company to be "works
        made for hire" and the property of Company.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ASSIGNMENT **

    a.  Company shall own as its sole and exclusive property, and
        Signator agrees to assign, transfer, and convey and or its
        authorized nominees all of his or her right, title and interest
        in and to any and all said "ideas" that related generally to
        Company's business, including but not limited to any inventions,
        processes, improvements, ideas, copyrightable works of art,
        trademarks, copyrights, formulas, manufacturing technology,
        developments, writings, discoveries, and trade secrets that
        Signator may make, conceive, or reduce to practice, whether
        solely or jointly with others, copyrightable, patentable or
        unpatentable, from the date of this Agreement or the date of
        first employment with Company if earlier, until the termination
        of Signator's employment.

    b.  Signator is not required to assign any invention where no
        Company equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret
        information was used and that was developed entirely on
        Signator's own time and: that does not relate to Company's
        business or to Company's actual demonstrably anticipated
        research or development or; that does not result from work
        performed for Company.

    c.  Signator hereby assigns to Company all releases and discharges
        Company, any affiliate of Company and their respective officers,
        directors and employees, from and against any and all claims,
        demands, liabilities, costs, and expenses of Signator arising
        out of, or relating to, any Propriety Information.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS **

    a.  During employment by Company, upon request and without
        compensation other than as herein provided but at no expense to
        Signator, Signator shall execute any documents and take any
        action Company may deem necessary or appropriate to effectuate
        the provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation
        assisting Company in obtaining and/or maintaining patents,
        copyrights or similar rights to any Proprietary Information
        assigned to Company.

    b.  Signator further agrees that the obligations and undertakings
        stated in this paragraph will continue beyond termination of
        employment for any reason by the Company, but if Signator is
        called upon for such assistance after termination of employment,
        Signator is entitled to fair and reasonable fee in addition to
        reimbursement of any expenses incurred at the request of the
        Company.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PATENT APPLICATION **

    a.  Company agrees to pay all expenses in connection with the
        preparation and prosecution of patent applications in the
        \[COUNTRY\] and all foreign countries wherein Company may desire
        to obtain patents.

    b.  Company agrees to pay Signator a cash award of \[SPECIFY\] upon
        execution by Signator of application for \[COUNTRY\] Letters
        Patent for such invention or improvement and issuance of a
        patent on said application, together with an assignment thereof
        to Company.

    c.  Excepted from this Agreement are inventions or improvements
        relating to Company business made by Signator before
        commencement of this employment by Company which are:

i\. embodied in the \[COUNTRY\] Letters Patent or an application for
\[COUNTRY\] Letters Patent filed prior to commencement of this
employment; or

ii\. in the possession of a former Company who owns the invention; or

iii\. set forth in an attachment hereto.

1.  **NON-COMPETE **

Signator agrees not to engage in any activity that is competitive with
any activity of Company during the course of their relationship and for
a period of \[SPECIFY\] after termination of the Agreement. For purposes
of this paragraph, competitive activity encompasses forming or making
plans to form a business entity that may be deemed to be competitive
with any business of Company. This does not prevent Signator from
seeking or obtaining employment or other forms of business relationships
with a competitor after termination of employment with Company so long
as such competitor was in existence prior to the termination of
relationship with Company and Signator was in no way involved with the
organization or formation of such competitor.

1.  **BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES **

During the terms of this Agreement, if Signator becomes aware of any
project, investment, venture, business or other opportunity (any of the
preceding, collectively referred to as an "Opportunity") that is similar
to, competitive with, related to, or in the same field as Company, or
any project, investment, venture, or business of Company, then Signator
shall so notify Company immediately in writing of such Opportunity and
shall use Signator's good-faith efforts to cause Company to have the
opportunity to explore, invest in, participate in, or otherwise become
affiliated with such Opportunity.

1.  **NO OWNERSHIP **

Neither Signator nor any of their agents or principals shall become or
be deemed an owner, partner, joint venture or agent of or with Company
or any of its affiliates or related companies or businesses by reason of
this Agreement or his/her relationship with Company unless set forth in
a separate written agreement signed and dated by the parties. Neither
Company nor Signator nor any agent, Signator, officer or independent
contractor of or retained by Signator shall have any authority to bind
the other in any respect unless set forth in a separate written
agreement signed and dated by the parties.

1.  **SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES **

Signator agrees that he/she will not, either during the period of this
Agreement, or for a period of \[NUMBER\] year after this Agreement has
terminated, solicit any of Company's employees for a competing business
or otherwise induce or attempt to induce such employees to terminate
their employment with Company.

1.  **SOLICITING CUSTOMERS AFTER TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT **

For a period of \[TIME\], following the termination of the relationship
with the Company, Signator shall not, directly or indirectly, make known
to any person, firm or corporation the names or addresses of any of the
customers of Company or any other information pertaining to them, or
call on, solicit, take away, or attempt to call on, solicit, or take
away any customer of Company on whom Signator called or with whom
Signator became acquainted during the time of this Agreement, for either
itself or for any other person, firm, or corporation.

1.  **INJUNCTIVE RELIEF **

Signator hereby acknowledges (1) the unique nature of the protections
and provisions set forth in this Agreement, (2) that Company will suffer
irreparable harm if Signator breaches any of said protections or
provisions, and (3) that monetary damages will be inadequate to
compensate Company for such breach. Therefore, if Signator breaches any
of such provisions, then Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief,
in addition to any other remedies at law or equity, to enforce such
provisions.

1.  **CONTINUING EFFECTS **

Signator's obligations regarding trade secrets and confidential
information shall continue in effect beyond the period of the
relationship as stated above, and said obligation shall be binding upon
Signator's spouse, affiliates, assigns, heirs, executors,
administrators, or other legal representatives.

1.  **SUBSIDIARIES AND PARENTS **

For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Company" shall also be
deemed to include any affiliated organization that owns fifty percent
(50%) or more of the voting stock, whether or not Signator is directly
employed by such other organization.

1.  **NON-FILING **

Signator specifically agrees that Company's rights granted hereunder
shall include the right not to file for copyrights or domestic or
foreign patents when such is considered by Company in its sole
discretion appropriate for the business objectives of Company.

1.  **NOTICE TO SIGNATOR **

This Agreement does not apply to any invention for which no equipment,
supplies, facility, or trade secret information of Company was used and
that was developed entirely on Signator's own time and:

a.  That does not relate (1) to Company's business or (2) to the actual
    or anticipated research or development work of Company; or

b.  That does not result from any work performed by Signator or Company.
    The burden of proof is on the Signator with respect to the
    exceptions of this Paragraph.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COUNTERPARTS **

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute a single
integrated document.

1.  **SEVERABLE PROVISIONS **

The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more
provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable,
in whole or in part, the remaining provisions and any partially
unenforceable provisions to the extent enforceable shall nevertheless be
binding and enforceable.

1.  **ATTORNEYS' FEES **

In the event any litigation, arbitration, mediation or other proceeding
("Proceeding") is initiated by any party against any other party to
enforce, interpret or otherwise obtain judicial or quasi-judicial relief
in connection with this Agreement, the prevailing party in such
Proceeding shall be entitled to recover from the unsuccessful party all
costs, expenses and actual attorney\'s fees relating to or arising out
of (a) such proceeding, whether or not such proceeding proceeds to
judgment, and (b) any post-judgment or post-award proceeding, including
without limitation one to enforce any judgment or award resulting from
any such Proceeding. Any such judgment or award shall contain a specific
provision for the recovery of all such attorneys' fees, costs, and
expenses. Any such judgment or award shall contain a specific provision
for the recovery of all such subsequently incurred costs, expenses and
actual attorney's fees.

1.  **MODIFICATIONS **

This Agreement may be modified only by a contract in writing executed by
the party to this Agreement against whom enforcement of such
modification is sought.

1.  **PRIOR UNDERSTANDINGS **

This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties to this
Agreement with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement, is
intended as a final expression of such parties\' agreement with respect
to such terms as are included in this Agreement is intended as a
complete and exclusive statement of the terms of such agreement, and
supersedes all negotiations, stipulations, understanding, agreements,
representations and warranties. If any, with respect to such subject
matter, which precede or accompany the execution of this Agreement.

1.  **WAIVER **

Any waiver of a default under this Agreement must be made in writing and
shall not be a waiver of any other default concerning the same or any
other provision of this Agreement. No delay or omission in the exercise
of any right or remedy shall impair such right or remedy or be
constructed as a waiver. A consent to or approval of any act shall not
be deemed to waive or render unnecessary consent to or approval of any
other or subsequent act.

1.  **DRAFTING AMBIGUITIES **

Each party to this Agreement has reviewed and had the opportunity to
revise this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement has had the
opportunity to have legal counsel review and revise this Agreement. The
rule of construction that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the
drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this
Agreement or of any amendments or exhibits to this Agreement.

1.  **JURISDICTION AND VENUE **

This Agreement is to be construed pursuant to Laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Jurisdiction and venue for any claim arising out of
this Agreement shall be made in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **RECEIPT OF COPY **

Signator hereby acknowledges that it has received a signed copy of this
Agreement.

COMPANY SIGNATOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
