**CUSTOMER CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT**

This Confidentiality Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective
the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[CUSTOMER NAME\]** (the \"Customer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

In consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this agreement,
the parties agree as follows:

1.  **FUNCTIONAL DOCUMENTATION**

In order to provide Customer an opportunity to review the Company\'s
System as a potential system for automation of its functions, the
Company will deliver substantial functional documentation including a
functional overview, screen layouts, report layouts and other associated
documentation.

1.  **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

The Company considers these materials to be confidential and
proprietary. Therefore, as a prerequisite to delivery, the Customer
acknowledges that (1) the materials will be retained on its premises at
the above address, and will not be moved without the express written
consent of Company, (2) it will use reasonable means, not less than that
used to protect its own proprietary information, to safeguard the
materials; (3) it will not show or otherwise disclose any portion of the
materials or their contents to any one other than its employees in
connection with its review of the System as a potential system for
automation of its functions; in particular, it will not show or
otherwise disclose the contents to independent contractors or
consultants; (4) it will make no copies of the materials, and (5) it
will return all materials upon the completion of its review, or promptly
upon the Company\'s written request.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Customer have executed this agreement at
\[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on \[DATE\].

COMPANY CUSTOMER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
