**NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT BETWEEN **

**\[DISCLOSING PARTY\] AND \[RECEIVING PARTY\]**

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[DISCLOSING PARTY NAME\]** (the \"Disclosing Party\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[RECEIVING PARTY NAME\]** (the \"Receiving Party\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

WHEREAS, Receiving Party has been or will be engaged in the performance
of work on \[DESCRIBE\]; and in connection therewith will be given
access to certain confidential and proprietary information; and

WHEREAS, Receiving Party and Disclosing Party wish to evidence by this
Agreement the manner in which said confidential and proprietary material
will be treated.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows:

1.  **NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

Both Parties understand and agree that each Party may have access to the
confidential information of the other party. For the purposes of this
Agreement, "Confidential Information" means proprietary and confidential
information about the Disclosing Party's (or it's suppliers') business
or activities. Such information includes all business, financial,
technical, and other information marked or designated by such Party as
"confidential" or "proprietary." Confidential Information also includes
information which, by the nature of the circumstances surrounding the
disclosure, ought in good faith to be treated as confidential. For the
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information does not include:

A.  Information that is currently in the public domain or that enters
    the public domain after the signing of this Agreement.

B.  Information a Party lawfully receives from a third Party without
    restriction on disclosure and without breach of a non-disclosure
    obligation.

C.  Information that the Receiving Party knew prior to receiving any
    Confidential Information from the Disclosing Party.

D.  Information that the Receiving Party independently develops without
    reliance on any Confidential Information from the Disclosing Party.

Each Party agrees that it will not disclose to any third Party or use
any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other Party except
when expressly permitted in writing by the other Party. Each Party also
agrees that it will take all reasonable measures to maintain the
confidentiality of all Confidential Information of the other Party in
its possession or control.

1.  **TERM**

The term of this Agreement is \[NUMBER\] of \[YEARS/MONTHS\] from the
date of execution by both Parties.

1.  **TITLE**

The Receiving Party agrees that all Confidential Information furnished
by the Disclosing Party shall remain the sole property of the Disclosing
Party.

1.  **DISCLAIMER**

Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any Confidential Information
constitutes any express or implied warranty of any kind. All
representations or warranties, whether express or implied, including
fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, title, and
non-infringement, are hereby disclaimed. Neither this Agreement nor any
Confidential Information shall create, nor shall be deemed to create, a
legally binding or enforceable Agreement or offer to enter into any
business relationship.

1.  **NO LICENSE GRANTED**

Neither Party grants to the other any license, by implication or
otherwise, to use any Confidential Information except as expressly
provided in this Agreement.

1.  **COPIES**

Any copies or reproductions of the Proprietary Information shall bear
the copyright or proprietary notices contained in the original.

1.  **UNAUTHORIZED USE**

Receiving Party shall promptly advise Disclosing Party in writing if it
learns of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Proprietary Information
by any Receiving Party Personnel or former Receiving Party Personnel.

1.  **INJUNCTIVE RELIEF**

Receiving Party acknowledges that the use or disclosure of the
Proprietary Information in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement
will cause Disclosing Party irreparable damage, and that Disclosing
Party shall have the right to equitable and injunctive relief to prevent
the unauthorized use or disclosure, and to such damages as are
occasioned by such unauthorized use or disclosure.

1.  **MODIFICATIONS **

This Agreement may be modified only by a contract in writing executed by
the party to this Agreement against whom enforcement of such
modification is sought.

1.  **PRIOR UNDERSTANDINGS **

This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties to this
Agreement with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement, is
intended as a final expression of such parties\' agreement with respect
to such terms as are included in this Agreement is intended as a
complete and exclusive statement of the terms of such agreement, and
supersedes all negotiations, stipulations, understanding, agreements,
representations and warranties. If any, with respect to such subject
matter, which precede or accompany the execution of this Agreement.

1.  **WAIVER **

Any waiver of a default under this Agreement must be made in writing and
shall not be a waiver of any other default concerning the same or any
other provision of this Agreement. No delay or omission in the exercise
of any right or remedy shall impair such right or remedy or be
constructed as a waiver. A consent to or approval of any act shall not
be deemed to waive or render unnecessary consent to or approval of any
other or subsequent act.

1.  **COMPLIANCE WITH LAW**

The Receiving Party agrees to abide by all federal, state, and local
laws, ordinances and regulations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

DISCLOSING PARTY RECEIVING PARTY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
