**VISITOR'S NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT**

This Nondisclosure Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[VISITOR NAME\]** (the \"Visitor\"), an individual affiliated to
**\[COMPANY NAME\]** a corporation organized and existing under the laws
of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

1.  **ACCESS TO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

The Visitor understands that he/she may be given access to confidential
information belonging to the Company through his/her relationship with
the Company or as a result of his/her access to the Company\'s premises.

1.  **NATURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

The Visitor understands and acknowledges that the Company\'s trade
secrets consist of information and materials that are valuable and not
generally known by the Company\'s competitors. The Company\'s trade
secrets include:

a.  Any and all information concerning the Company\'s current, future or
    proposed products, including, but not limited to, unpublished
    computer code (both source code and object code), drawings,
    specifications, notebook entries, technical notes and graphs,
    computer printouts, technical memoranda and correspondence, product
    development agreements and related agreements.

b.  Information and materials relating to the Company\'s purchasing,
    accounting and marketing; including, but not limited to, marketing
    plans, sales data, unpublished promotional material, cost and
    pricing information and customer lists.

c.  Information of the type described above which the Company obtained
    from another party and which the Company treats as confidential,
    whether or not owned or developed by the Company.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **VISITOR'S OBLIGATIONS**

In consideration of being admitted to the Company\'s facilities, The
Visitor agrees to hold in the strictest confidence any trade secrets or
confidential information which is disclosed to him/her. The Visitor
agrees not to remove any document, equipment or other materials from the
premises without the Company\'s written permission. The Visitor will not
photograph or otherwise record any information to which he/she may have
access during the visit.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

This Agreement is binding on the Visitor, his/her heirs, executors,
administrators and assigns; and inures to the benefit of the Company,
its successors and assigns.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the Company
and the Visitor with respect to its subject matter. It supersedes all
earlier representations and understandings, whether oral or written.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Customer have executed this agreement at
\[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on \[DATE\].

COMPANY VISITOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
