Employment Agreement

This Employment Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made effective on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, by and between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Employee") and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Employer").

Employee will primarily perform their the job duties at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Whereas Employer desires the services of Employee, and Employee is
willing to be employed by Employer, the parties therefore agree as
follows:

1\. [Employment]{.underline}. Employee shall provide the following
general services:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Employee accepts
and agrees to such employment, and agrees to be subject to the general
supervision, advice and direction of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Employee shall
also perform (i) such other duties as are customarily performed by an
employee in a similar position, and (ii) such other and unrelated
services and duties as may be assigned to from time to time.

2\. [Best efforts of Employee]{.underline}. Employee agrees to perform
faithfully, industriously, and to the best of their ability, experience,
and talents, all of the duties that may be required by the express and
implicit terms of this Agreement, to the reasonable satisfaction of
Employer. Such duties shall be provided at such place(s) as the needs,
business, or opportunities of business may require from time to time.

3\. [Compensation of Employee]{.underline}. Employee will receive an
annual salary of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, payable in accordance with
Employer's standard payroll procedures. Upon termination of this
Agreement, for any reason, payments under this paragraph shall cease;
provided, however, that Employee shall be entitled to payments for
periods or partial periods that occurred prior to the date of
termination and for which Employee has not already been paid, and for
any commission earned in accordance with customary procedures, if
applicable. No payment shall be made for untaken personal or vacation
days. This section of the Agreement is included for accounting and
payroll purposes and should not be construed as establishing a minimum
or definite term of employment.

4\. [Expense Reimbursement]{.underline}. Employer will reimburse
Employee for expenses undertaken for business purposes in accordance
with its policies then in effect.

5\. [Confidentiality]{.underline}. Employee recognizes the importance of
protecting Employer's intellectual property, trade secrets, and business
knowledge. Employee will not divulge this vital information items
(\"Information\") which are valuable, special and unique assets of
Employer, and Employee further agrees that Employee will not at any time
or in any manner, either directly or indirectly, divulge, disclose, or
communicate any Information to any third party without Employer's prior
written consent. Employee will protect the Information and treat it as
strictly confidential at all times, during and after Employee's
employment ends with Employer. A violation by of this section shall be a
material violation of this Agreement and will justify legal and/or
equitable relief and injunction, where appropriate by Employer.

6\. [Unauthorized Disclosure of Information]{.underline}. If it appears
Employee has disclosed, or threatened disclosure, of Information in
violation of this Agreement, Employer shall be entitled to an injunction
to restrain Employee from disclosing, in whole or in part, such
Information, or from providing any services to any party to whom such
Information has been disclosed or may be disclosed. Employer shall not
be prohibited by this provision from pursuing other remedies, including
a claim for losses and damages.

7\. [Confidentiality after Termination]{.underline}. The confidentiality
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for 1
Year after the termination of Employee's employment. During such year,
neither party shall make or permit the making of any public announcement
or statement of any kind that was formerly employed by or connected with
Employer.

8\. [Non-Compete Agreement]{.underline}. Employee recognizes that
Employer Information is a special and unique asset of the company and
needs to be protected from improper disclosure. In consideration of the
disclosure of the Information, Employee agrees that for one (1) year
following the termination of this Agreement, whether such termination is
voluntary or involuntary, Employee will not directly or indirectly
engage in any business that directly or indirectly competes with
Employer. This agreement shall apply to directly or indirectly engaging
in any competitive business which includes, but is not limited to: (i)
engaging in a business as owner, partner, or agent, (ii) becoming an
employee of any third party that is engaged in such business, (iii)
becoming interested directly or indirectly in any such business, or (iv)
soliciting any customer of Employer for the benefit of a third party
that is engaged in such business. Employee agrees that this non-compete
provision will not adversely affect \'s livelihood and waives any right
to make any such claim in the future. If there are geographic limits to
this Section, they should be listed here:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. If none appear, the Agreement
will presume none are applicable in the eyes of both Employee and
Employer and this Section should be construed accordingly by any court
of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, Employee shall be responsible to
show any prospective new employer during this one year time period this
provision of this Agreement, to reduce the likelihood of that Employer
causing Employee to violate this Agreement.

9\. [Employee Inability to Contract for Employer]{.underline}. Employee
shall not have the right to make any contracts or commitments for or on
behalf of Employer without first obtaining the express written consent
of Employer.

10\. [Benefits, Holidays, Insurance, Personal Leave and
Vacation]{.underline}. Employee shall be entitled to these according to
the Employer's policies in effect at the time.

11\. [Term and Termination]{.underline}. Employee employment under this
Agreement shall be for an unspecified term on an \"at will\" basis.
Either party may terminate this Agreement with 30 days written notice.
Violation of this Agreement will terminate employment without notice and
with no compensation, except for that due up to such date of
termination.

12\. [Termination for Disability]{.underline}. Employer has the option
to terminate this Agreement, if Employee becomes permanently disabled
and is no longer able to perform the essential functions of the position
with reasonable accommodation. Employer shall exercise this option by
giving 90 Days written notice to Employee.

13\. [Compliance with Employer Rules, Policies, and
Procedures]{.underline}. Employee agrees to comply with all of the rules
and regulations of Employer, and understands that these rules will
change from time to time, and Employee must continue to abide by them in
order to continue employment with Employer.

14\. [Return of Property]{.underline}. Upon termination of this
Agreement, Employee shall deliver to Employer all property, which is
property or related to Employer\'s business (including keys, records,
notes, data, models, laptops, printers, cell phones and all other
equipment) that is in Employee's possession, custody, or control.

15\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to Employee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to Employer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

16\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

17\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

18\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

19\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

20\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee Employer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Employment Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Employment agreements are
tricky contracts because while seemingly balanced, enforcement tends to
work in favor of the employee but not for the employer. Non-compete and
confidentiality clauses, for example, are often thrown out or their
scope radically reduced by Courts. Payment obligations of the Employer
are generally upheld to the last penny.

Notwithstanding the tables being tilted against the Employer in these
Agreements, there are still good reasons for having them signed by key
people. The main one is to get them to sign the non-compete and
confidentiality clauses. Generally, as their tenure of employment grows,
their ability to seriously harm your firm in competitive employer
increases substantially.

In practical terms, I have always been able to get Employee agreement
and signatures prior to starting employment. I have been rarely able to
get these kinds of agreements signed after an employee has been employed
for a while and then moves into a more senior position that suggests
this kind of agreement is required. As a result, you are well advised to
get this Agreement signed prior to the first day of physical work by
Employee.

1\. Make three copies. One for employee; one for their file; one for
your home or office safe.

2\. Non-Competes are often thrown out of Court or reduced in scope.
Nevertheless, they are usually upheld when the violation is particularly
clear and this is when you need it done most.

3\. To risk stating the obvious, this Agreement should not be used with
Consultants, independent contractors of any kind, or employees in a
union.
