Employee Final Release

IN CONSIDERATION of the payment to me of the sum of \$
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, on behalf of
myself, my heirs, administrators and assigns (hereinafter collectively
referred to as the \"Releasor\") hereby release and forever discharge,
its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates and each of its and their
respective officers, directors, employees, servants and agents, and
their successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to as
the \"Releasee\") jointly and severally from any and all actions, causes
of action, contracts and covenants, whether express or implied, claims
and demands for damages, costs, interest, loss or injury of every nature
and kind whatsoever arising, which I may heretofore have had, may now
have or may hereinafter have and without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, all claims in any way relating to the hiring of, the
employment by or the termination of employment of the Releasor by the
Releasee and I hereby specifically covenant, represent and warrant to
the Releasee that I have no further claim against the Releasee for or
arising out of my employment, or separation from the Company, or terms
of such employment or employment separation by the Releasee; employee
benefit plans whether or not arising under the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (\"ERISA\"); any discrimination
claim whether or not arising under any local, state or federal law or
regulation, public policy or common law (including, with limitation, the
Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act); or any state, federal or local statute,
regulation, public policy, contract or tort principle in any way
governing or regulating my employment, or termination, or terms of
employment or termination by the Releasee.

It is expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is a general
release. Nothing contained in this Agreement is a waiver of any rights
or claims (including any which may arise under the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act) that may arise after the date of execution by me or
which, as a matter of law, cannot be released or waived.

It is understood** **that the giving of the aforementioned consideration
is deemed to be no admission of liability on the part of the said
Releasee, said liability in fact being denied.

Therefore, I** **have executed this Release by signing this Agreement on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, in the presence of the witness whose
signature is shown below.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
Employee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness

Employee Final Release

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. The focus of any job
termination interview should be to gain the individual's signature to
this document. The purpose is self-evident: avoid later claims,
lawsuits, contentious behavior, and the like.

Companies have no affirmative obligations to provide severance or other
benefits after termination. The reason for the benefits being granter
are humanitarian and to protect the Company on the other. It only makes
sense that if the Company is granting a benefit, the consideration is to
receive relief from future problems from that individual. This document
accomplishes that purpose.

Your best chance of getting this signed, and picking up the attendant
leverage to avoid a future lawsuit, is on the spot early in the
termination meeting. Present the Release as required to discuss
severance and related matters; get two copies signed; give one to the
Employee. When signed, excuse yourself from the meeting; get a copy or
copies made and have those put away securely by another employee or
yourself in a previously decided upon location (the Accounting Office is
an appropriate place). The purpose of this is to prevent "buyer's
remorse" or second thoughts by the Employee about signature. Now it is
done.

If you do not get signature, we suggest you then offer no termination or
severance benefits until that is done. In most cases, that alters the
framework of the discussion and you will get the signature. In those
cases in which I have not gotten the signature at that point, I stopped
the meeting, removed the employee (now former employee) from the
premises, and suggested the individual contact me by phone if they
changed their minds. Once off the premises, I got a couple of calls but
never resolved termination terms and, accordingly, never had to pay for
severance. No lawsuits resulted from this failure to get the signature.
Accordingly, from a business point of view, we recommend you stand firm
on requiring the Release.

Once you do get the signature, which you will in the vast majority of
cases, your mission becomes to help the Employee heal themselves from
the bad news. To do this, emphasize that termination related to overall
issues not the employee themselves, unless this approach is dictated
against by obvious facts in the case.

The worst time for termination is Friday afternoon when the employee has
the weekend to fret over it. The best time is early in the week at the
end of the day so both the terminator and terminated can go home
afterwards and get ready for the next business day. The question about
Company property is always a tricky one. Many companies have resorted to
escorting people out and packing up their goods. There is good reason
for this. You have to make this decision for yourself.

1.  Get two originals signed; give one to the employee and keep one for
    your files. Remove yours immediately, as stated above, upon receipt.

2\. Although this is a tough thing to do, it is management's job to do.
Nothing can sugar coat the pain inflicted by termination, though it is
more common these days and there is less shame from the event for the
individual as a result. Do your best to preserve the individual's
dignity so they can heal quickly and move on with their life. Whatever
you do, don't blame the employee.
