Job Applicant Rejection Letter

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

Thank you for meeting with us regarding the opportunity of working with
our company. Unfortunately, our circumstances do not enable us to offer
you a position at this time.

Your qualifications were impressive and we are sure they will assist you
in getting a satisfactory job for you with another firm.

We wish you the best of luck in finding a position that will further
your skills and experience. We will keep your resume on file for 90 days
should our circumstances change and you be interested at that time in
interviewing for any position that opens up that may be suitable for
your talents and experience. If such an event occurs, we will contact
you immediately within this 90-day period.

If you are interested in seeking a job interview more than 90 days from
now, please recontact us again. Again our thanks for your time and
efforts made to consider our firm for employment.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employer

Job Applicant Rejection

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. Employment law is full of legal traps for employers. A substantial
burden of proof rests upon the Employer to prove a lack of
discrimination for a wide variety of causes. A casual reading of the
daily newspaper will indict how much of this kind of litigation goes on
and the number of employers prosecuted for these offenses and made to
settle up or have court awards, including punitive damages, assessed
against them.

2\. Make sure your employment policy is followed faithfully to help
confront discrimination and other claims by those rejected. The above
letter is carefully crafted to reject the candidate but not inform them
that another was "hired" in place of them or as a "more" qualified
candidate. If you take that position (i.e., a "more" qualified candidate
was hired), it provides a place for a plaintiff's attorney to attack
(e.g., "Why was that candidate more qualified?" And so on and so on. All
of which can put you and the Company upon the defensive as a plaintiff
attorney tries to land you in a trap). Instead, this letter takes the
milder more informal position that "circumstances" did not permit the
company to make an offer. It is important to recognize that Courts
generally hold that employers can be random or wrong headed in their
decision making process regarding employment practices. Courts just find
that the employer cannot be discriminatory. Therefore, this mild
rejection letter, coupled with the offer to reconsider within 90 days,
and offer the candidate the opportunity to reapply after the 90 day time
period, takes most of the sting out of the rejection and certainly in no
way disparages the credentials or competence of the job candidate.

3\. Set up a Job Applicant Rejection letter file and keep it current.
After 90 days, remove the candidate's records from your files while
retaining the Job Applicant Rejection letter. If you make this standard
practice, and abide by it, you will enhance your situation should you be
sued by a former job applicant. It is generally not in the Company's
best interests to keep any notations or records of other discussions of
the candidate because these kinds of documents are subject to production
by your firm in any job applicant litigation, including but not limited
to this individual. As long as you keep a file of Job Applicant
Rejection letters, you will usually be found to have established a
reasonable record keeping system that draws little ire from a court of
competent jurisdiction.

4\. Since these notes are longer than the letter, they are suggestive of
your need to keep your attorney informed on a regular basis about your
employee and employment practices. We cannot state often enough that an
ounce of legal protection or well care can save you from having to pay
out a pound or more to defend yourself and your firm. Lawyers can best
serve you in anticipation of problems such as these. Use them wisely in
this regard and you should save yourself much trouble and expense in the
future. The law is moving more and more towards treating employees as
having expanded rights as "stakeholders" in the firms they work for and
even those they simply apply to for work. Therefore, as with any
stakeholder or shareholder, you are well advised to be scrupulously
careful in your dealings with them. If you do this, then you have met
most of the purposes of the statutes and laws in question: to act
equitably, fairly, and in a nondiscriminatory manner.
