# Jury Duty Policy

If you receive a summons or other notice requiring you to report for
Jury Duty, inform your supervisor immediately and provide your
supervisor with a copy of your notice to report for Jury Duty.

If you wish to serve on Jury Duty as specified in the notice, report as
required. If you have personal or work priorities that limit your
ability to serve, see your supervisor for his or her help in supporting
your claims should you want the Company's assistance in this matter.

Salaried employees can receive up to three days regular pay per year for
actual time served on Jury Duty. Employees may keep any payment received
from the Court for Jury Duty and have no obligation to return any
payment to the Company or permit the Company to offset those payments
from up to three days payment per year for actual time served on Jury
Duty.

At the end of each day of Jury Duty, notify your Supervisor of your
status. Most Jury Duty is for one day or less unless you sit on an
actual trial. Therefore, your report to your supervisor is especially
important on the first day of any required Jury Duty.

If required to sit on a trial, an employee serving on a jury should
contact his or her supervisor daily to advise the supervisor of his or
her status and the projected end of the jury duty.

As with all Company policies, this one is subject to modification, in
whole or in part, required by any changes in local, state, or federal
statutes and laws. The Company may also modify this policy for its own
purposes in whole or in part with 30 Days notice to Employees.

Your supervisor will give you a copy of this Jury Duty policy upon your
giving him or her a copy of your Jury Duty notice. Please sign it and
make two copies; one for you and the other for your personnel file with
a copy of your Jury Duty notice attached.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee Supervisor Date

# Jury Duty Policy

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1.  Jury Duty policy, as with other employee policies, is most effective
    when dealt with evenhandedly and promptly. Our suggestion is to have
    each employee sign a copy to reinforce the Company's providing the
    benefit of up to 3 days pay for Jury Duty service. This limits the
    exposure the Company has for longer service and hopefully will
    encourage your employees to avoid Jury Duty or serve the minimum
    term. If an Employee chooses to seek participation in a longer
    trial, then the financial responsibility rests with them after 3
    days, supplemented somewhat by jury duty pay available from the
    governmental authority involved.

2.  It is also important to emphasize in your employee policies, as this
    Jury Duty policy does, that government laws and statutes take
    precedence over your own and that these policies may change without
    notice to all concerned, including the Employee. By doing this, you
    take the edge off the bureaucratic feeling of these kind of
    documents and place the onus on government rules and statutes rather
    than on the Company.

3.  Written Employee rules, such as this one, help avoid any prohibited
    discriminatory practices by clearly stating what the rules are
    requiring reporting the notice, payment rights, and reporting
    requirements by your employees. Keeping clear records by category
    simplifies any audit of employee practices so we recommend you not
    only place a copy of the signed policy and notice received by any
    employee in the employee file, but also put a duplicate set in a
    Jury Duty notice file.
