Non-Solicitation Agreement

This Agreement is made\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Employer\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Employee\").

Whereas Employee and Employer have entered into or are about to enter
into an employment relationship for their mutual benefit; and,

Whereas a condition of entering into and/or continuing such employment
relationship, Employer has required Employee to enter into this
Agreement;

Therefore, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1\. [Definitions]{.underline}. Whenever used in this Agreement the word
\"Affiliate\" means any entity a majority of whose voting shares or
securities are owned or controlled directly or indirectly by Employer or
the shareholders of Employer, or whose control is held by Employer or
shareholders of Employer.

2\. [Non-Solicitation]{.underline}. Employee acknowledges that he or she
will acquire considerable knowledge about, and expertise in, certain
areas of Employer\'s business and he or she will have knowledge of, and
contact with, customers and suppliers of Employer and its Affiliates.
Employee further acknowledges that he or she may be able to utilize such
knowledge and expertise, following termination of his or her service
with Employer, to the serious detriment of Employer in the event
Employee should solicit business from customers of Employer or its
affiliates. Accordingly, Employee agrees that:

\(a\) [Non-Solicitation of Customers]{.underline}. He or she will not,
for a period of one (1) year after termination of his or her employment,
directly or indirectly, approach any customer or business partner of
Employer or its Affiliates for the purpose of providing services
substantially similar to the services provided by the Employer or its
affiliates; and

b.  [Non-Solicitation of Employees]{.underline}. He or she will not, for
    a period of one (1) year after termination of his or her employment,
    directly or indirectly, approach, solicit, entice or attempt to
    approach, solicit or entice any of the other employees of Employer
    or its Affiliates to leave the employment of Employer.

\(c\) [Presentment to any New Employer]{.underline}. Employee agrees to
give a copy of this Agreement to any new employer prior to his or her
first day of work their so that the new Employer can evaluate whether
they may be in violation of this Agreement. Employee and Employer both
believe that this step will help prevent any future conflict under this
Agreement and Employee promises faithfully to exercise this requirement
under this Agreement.

2\. [Restrictions Reasonable]{.underline}. The Employee acknowledges
that all restrictions in this Agreement are reasonable in the
circumstances and hereby waives all defenses to the enforcement thereof
by the Employer. In the event that any provisions of this Agreement
shall be deemed void or invalid by a court, the remaining provisions
shall remain in full force and effect and the Employee hereby confers
upon such court the power to replace such void or invalid provisions
with such other enforceable and valid provisions as shall be as near as
may be to the original in form and effect.

3\. [Irreparable Harm]{.underline}. The Employee acknowledges that
breach by him or her of the terms and conditions of this Agreement may
cause irreparable harm to Employer, which may not be compensable by
monetary damages. Accordingly, the Employee acknowledges that a breach
by it of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be sufficient
grounds for the granting of an injunction at the suit of the Employer by
a court of competent jurisdiction.

4\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to Employee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to Employer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

5\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

6\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

7\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

8\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

9\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee Employer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness

Non-Solicitation Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Non-solicitation agreements
are particularly important in sales jobs where sales people, like bees
between the flowers, can float around from employer to employer and take
significant business with them, to the detriment of the former employer.
In addition, many new employers will solicit new employees mainly for
their "old" book of business, which, in this instance, is your account
list.

This Agreement assists in preventing that approach, especially with the
requirement to disclose this document to any prospective new employer
prior to working at that company.

1.  Employee and Employer should sign this in front of at least one
    witness, preferably a peer of the employee.

2.  The time restriction should be as short as you can live with and
    "recover" from an employee showing up at a competitor. This
    Agreement calls for one year; if you can live with 6 months, modify
    it accordingly. The shorter the time period the better your chance
    of having this Agreement upheld should it go to Court.

3.  This kind of Agreement is increasingly important to obtain by
    companies. Make a major effort to get your key people under this
    Agreement.
