# Reference Letter, Request by Former Employee

Date:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

I am writing to request a letter of reference from you because of our
good working relationship in the past. Anything you can do in this
regard would be much appreciated. As usual, it would be helpful if you
could attend to this promptly.

If you would find it helpful to discuss this request, call me any time
at your convenience at the number on this letterhead or at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. It would be helpful if you
could include the following information in your reference letter:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

My employment with the Company ran from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Please note that I have included a Permission Letter for your files, to
authorize you to release this information.

Please send the letter directly to:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Please contact me if you have any questions or need additional
information.

Thank you in advance for your help and prompt attention to my request.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Reference Seeker

Enc. Permission Letter Authorizing Reference

Reference Letter, Request by Former Employee

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Reference letters are
helpful and rarely used tools. They are helpful not only for employment
but also for business investment purposes and a host of other things.

The above letter is often a good icebreaker for an employer you have not
been in contact with for some time. If you retain any kind of ongoing
relationship with the individual, consider calling them instead. In
addition, remember to include the Reference Letter, Permission by
Employee, document. This will expedite the process and, on a more
visceral basis, please them that you were thoughtful enough to include
it so they could act promptly on your behalf but be covered legally in
their personnel files for their reference.

Interestingly, the longer you have been away from employment at the
company in question, presuming the same cast of characters are there,
the better they will usually remember your employment there. Their more
recent issues have long since obscured whatever problems you may have
had there.

If your immediate supervisor left that company, by all means get his or
her recommendation even if they are at another company and/or in a
different industry. People generally try to be helpful in this area.

1.  Make a list of possible references. Keep working on the list for a
    few days and you will find new, and often better, names popping up.

2\. Call to follow-up on the Reference giver. Make sure it has been done
or get another person to do it, either in that organization or in
another. You are generally advised to get your most enthusiastic backer,
though lower in the organization (as long as the enthusiasm relates to
your work their).
