Resignation Letter, by Employee

Date:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

I hereby resign from my position at the Company effective today. If you
would like me to continue for up to two weeks, I will be happy to do so
in order to assist in an orderly transition of my responsibilities.

The only reason I am leaving is because I was offered a substantial
increase in both responsibilities and income. I sincerely all you have
done to make my time at the Company productive and useful for all
concerned.

My thanks again,

With best regards and thanks,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Resigning Employee

cc Any other person in organization you would like to receive a copy

Resignation Letter, by Employee

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Orderly resignations are
extremely important for both Employer and Employee. The resigning
Employee should keep in mind that they will probably need the Employer's
reference for any job after the one they are resigning to take. With
that point of self-interest in mind, the Employee is advised to put the
best possible face on the reasons for resignation so the Employer
remembers you well. When I resigned from my first post-MBA job at
General Foods, time was of the essence to get my new Umbroller stroller
company off the ground. Despite that circumstance, I still stayed 5
weeks to be sure the transition was orderly and complete. Several people
at General Foods remembered that courtesy years later.

Resist any temptation to "tell them off." Be nice; be courteous; leave
graciously -- or you will fall into the proverbial trap of acting in
haste and repenting at leisure. And, as the result of acting nicely on
your departure, most employers will rise to the occasion as well. As
Shakespeare said, "All's well that ends well."

1.  Give the original to your boss, usually after discussing it first.
    Make a copy for your own files. If you feel the need to give it to
    someone else at the Company, make the appropriate copies. You are
    usually best off just speaking to your boss and letting them handle
    the formalities. It shows respect for the hierarchy; keeps your boss
    in control; and leaves the right impression on all concerned.

If you have the intent of suing your employer for some form of
discrimination or harassment, your Resignation Letter is the first
volley in your litigation battle. Do not draft or send it yourself. Have
your litigating lawyer do so since they are expert in these matters and
you are not.
