Resignation Letter by Employee, Employer Acceptance

Date:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

We accept your resign from the Company effective today, with regret. We
appreciate your generous offer to continue to work for up to two
additional weeks, but believe it is in everyone's best interests to
accept your resignation effective today.

Please turn over your keys and other Company property today before
leaving. We appreciate your willingness to answer any questions we may
have in the near future by phone or email. When you have turned over all
Company property, please have your supervisor sign the acknowledgment
below.

We will instruct payroll to make this your last day of work with regard
to all pay and benefit issues. If you wish to take advantage of our
legal requirements to keep you on our medical plan for such period of
time, please indicate that below so we can make the proper arrangements
for our mutual protection.

We also appreciate your signing the Employee Final Release so that we
have all of your paperwork in order.

Our thanks for your good work,

With best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Employee of Company Acknowledgment that all Property

Returned, by Authorized Supervisor

I wish to exert my legal right to continue receiving Medical Benefits,
and pay for them accordingly, until I give the Company further notice
that I no longer want to take advantage of this legal right of mine.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee,

Enc. Employee Final Release form.

cc Payroll Department

Resignation Letter by Employee, Employer Acceptance

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Orderly resignations are
extremely important for both Employer and Employee. Employer should take
the opportunity to get this signed release from the Employee, including
the Employee Final Release form also appearing in the Employment form
area.

All supervisors should be prepared for how to conduct themselves when
receiving resignation notice, orally or in writing, so they execute
Company policy appropriately. In the simplest mechanical terms, you
should have a set of documents prepared for this contingency: This
letter plus the Employee Release Form is generally sufficient; the
health plan continuation is a matter of formality and sending new bills
to the Employee. It is our business experience that immediate
termination is better than letting the Employee linger on premises. Most
turnover work can be accomplished effectively in an hour or two. If you
feel the need to have longer notice, then write that into the Agreement.

Resignations are complicated for employers because the employee
determines the time, not the employer, and the employer has a multiple
set of objectives to accomplish to make the transition effective.
Usually, first and foremost is the goal getting all important work
product in progress into the hands of remaining employees. Good
employees almost always want to be sure this happens. If this is a not
so good or troublesome employee, then you should make your first goal to
get the Employee Final Release signed and let the chips fall where they
will on the first goal for good employees. It is worthwhile to push hard
for this signoff so you avoid trouble down the road. A modest financial
payment might just turn the tide, and the Agreement provides for that.

My experience has been extremely good in this regard because I have
always pushed for an amicable but firm approach to resignation and
termination. Pressure to sign the Final Employee Release form has
prevented any litigation from occurring. Several lawyers, over the
years, have called to complain about their clients, and our former
employees, being forced to sign this document. However, they couldn't
"get over" the voluntary and standard request for signature so all "let
it go." Whew!

The final goal should be to get the return of all Company property
immediately. This is usually problematic for off site equipment. Just do
the best you can in this regard. If they have equipment at home, first
get the sign off on these documents and then direct them to go home
immediately and bring everything back. If you create an immediate sense
of urgency, you will stand the best chance of getting everything back.

1.  Make multiple copies of the Employee Final Release form and
    Acceptance of Employee Resignation Letter.

2.  Get the key or keys back in the initial resignation conversation by
    the Employee.

3.  Change all access codes as soon as possible without insulting or
    inciting the resigning Employee.

4.  Get the Employee off the premises as soon as possible without
    insulting or inciting the resigning Employee.

5.  If possible, arrange for a going away event at a convenient time and
    place prior to the Employee leaving (this should be part of your
    normal termination package).

6.  Consider this activity the most important priority of the day it
    occurs. If you give it immediate precedence, the event will go off
    better than otherwise and you will vastly reduce any lingering
    byproduct. In addition, your other Employees will also be put on
    notice as to the procedure and prepared for if they eventually
    resign---and will not feel singled out, and so on and so on.
