Stock Option Agreement

This** **Stock Option Agreement ("Agreement") is made by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Optionor\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Optionee\").

The Optionor is the legal and beneficial owner of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
authorized shares (\"Optionor Shares\") in the capital stock of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Corporation\"). The Optionor
wishes to grant to the Optionee and the Optionee wishes to accept from
the

Optionor, an option to purchase \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_of the
Optionor Shares (\"Optioned Shares\").

Therefore in consideration of the premises and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the Optionor grants to the Optionee an option (the
\"Option\") to purchase the Optioned Shares at a purchase price (the
\"Purchase Price\") of \$ \_\_\_\_\_ per share for an aggregate Purchase
Price of \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, subject to the following terms and
conditions:

1\. [Option Exercise Period]{.underline}.** **

The Option may be exercised by the Optionee in whole, not in part, at
any time from the date of this Agreement until the day preceding the
earlier of (i) \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, (ii) death of the
Optionee, or (iii), the Termination Date of this Option Exercise Period.
These options shall terminate on the Termination Date unless exercised
by the Optionee prior to it.

2\. [Exercise of Option]{.underline}**. **

The Optionee shall, for the purposes of exercising the Option, give to
the Optionor notice in writing (\"Notice\"), accompanied by a bank check
payable to the Optionor in the amount of the Purchase Price.

3\. [Transfer of Optioned Shares]{.underline}.** **

Upon compliance by the Optionee with all of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and upon receipt by the Optionor of (i) the Notice, and
(ii) payment of the Purchase Price, the Optionor shall sell and transfer
to the Optionee the Optioned Shares and as evidence of it, the Optionor
shall execute in favor of the Optionee a form of transfer and an
endorsement on the share certificates representing the Optioned Shares,
together with other documents to evidence the sale and transfer as the
Optionee requests. The Optionor shall also cause the Corporation\'s
directors to consent to the sale and transfer of the Optioned Shares to
the Optionee.

4\. [Non-Assignability of Option]{.underline}**. **

The Option is personal to the Optionee. Therefore, the Optionee may not
sell, assign or otherwise transfer the Option or any of its rights under
this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Optionor.

5\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Optionor:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Optionee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

6\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

7\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

8\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

9\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

10\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Optionor Optionee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

# Stock Option Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Stock option agreements are
a tricky business for a number of reasons:

1.  Many states regard these agreements as falling under employment
    agreements and/or covenants which opens them up to examination by
    various labor boards in addition to the Attorney General's office
    for fraudulent enticement and other matters. The argument is that
    Stock Options can be offered employees as "bait" to avoid receiving
    higher salaries. Therefore, this is an infringement of various
    rights, in the eyes of these states, their laws and statutes, and
    their enforcement officials.

2.  Many employees view stock option offers in a similar manner and are
    not motivated by receiving them, and, to some extent are demotivated
    by the offer, especially after their families make derogatory
    comments about the "worth" of these options. In fact, I have had
    several employees resign when offered options because of personal
    upset caused by both the potential upside and more likely
    worthlessness of these options (a common result, of course; however,
    having said that, if the company works, the options can mean big
    bucks).

3.  In addition, if the Corporation grants these options to any of its
    employees they then change their role, in part, to being an owner.
    This is an entirely different relationship than being an employee
    and often serves to confuse employer and employee alike, when
    employee turns the table on management and starts cross examining
    management (their absolute right as shareholders) and offering
    different suggestions than those of their immediate supervisor
    (another absolute right of a shareholder to offer suggestions, but
    in the appropriate forum of course, which is not in the course of
    their daily employment; but, these distinctions often get muddled
    among option holders).

4.  The safest course is not to offer these at all. This is the
    unintended consequence of the events and facts enumerated above.
    However, it is not our role to advocate changing what is, but in
    suggesting how to deal with things as they are, until they are
    modified to become friendlier to the option-issuing corporation.

5.  I have found the no option approach works best in our company and
    the last few we have set up. In fact, in classified ads seeking
    employees, my response level has always been higher and with a more
    qualified group when I offer regular employment versus when I offer
    regular employment plus an option or stock opportunity. People have
    become suspicious of these offers, rightfully or wrongfully. If you
    want to secure an employee's commitment to the company, consider an
    outright issuance of stock so they have what they have and that is
    that. On the whole, though, you may find it wiser to not issue stock
    at all to employees. Pay them more instead. It will be simpler and
    probably cheaper in the long run. The above is business advice only.

6.  Legally, you are issuing securities in this agreement and should
    have the agreement reviewed by an appropriately knowledgeable
    attorney in securities law. Have both parties sign the Agreement in
    duplicate, have these Agreements ratified by your Board and inserted
    into your minute book, and keep an extra copy in the employee's or
    other person's file in your company.
