Termination, During Probation Period

# [Personal and Confidential]{.underline}

Date:

Name of Employee:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_:

This letter confirms our conversation today stating that the Company
("Employer") has decided not to continue your employment ("Employee")
during the Probationary Period, and, accordingly, your employment will
end effective today.

The Company is granting you one additional week pay for your service
during the Probationary period and your return of all company property
including keys, cars, equipment, and any other company owned items under
your possession, custody, or control.

If you have any questions with respect to this Agreement, do not
acknowledge this document until these questions have been cleared up to
your satisfaction. If you do not sign this Agreement today, the Company
withdraws its offer for one week of additional pay in consideration of
your signing this Agreement and your termination stands, as well as your
obligation to return all Company property as mentioned in paragraph 2
above.

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Name of Employer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Acknowledgment by Employee

Termination, During Probation Period

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This termination letter
should be presented to Employee after the Final Release form is signed
and one copy given to the Accounting office. The Final Release is the
more important of the two documents and should be handled first.

This second document relates to the terms of separation, including but
not limited to keys, corporate property, and the like. It is our
business experience that you should stand firm on the grounds that no
signature means no severance. This is your best chance to get the
documents in place prior to a lawyer or government official being
brought in. After gaining these signatures, no company of mine, at least
to my knowledge, was ever sued, much less had to pay any additional
monies in any settlement.

1.  Severance amount should be fixed prior to the meeting. Do not waver
    on the subject or you will wind up unraveling the entire agreement.

2.  Be sure to get all keys to the property and limit the terminated
    employee's access to their office. Suggest they are better off
    leaving for personal reasons. You can box up their goods at a later
    time. If you anticipate any problems, get someone to box up the
    goods while having this meeting.

3.  Remember it is your right to conduct them off the premises for any
    reason of your choosing as long as you do not disclose it. Do not
    discuss the whys and wherefores of termination. You can terminate
    people at will, as a rule. However, you may not terminate them for a
    host of specific reasons, and that list expands on an ongoing basis.
    The less said, the better.

4.  If the terminated employee wants your input about their performance,
    reference or the like, tell them to take care of today and call you
    tomorrow about it when they have a chance to reflect upon what they
    want. This both gets them off the premises and keeps you out of
    trouble. It also makes for a much more measured employee response so
    you can assist them, to the extent you are able, to help them get
    another job promptly.
