Travel and Expense Policy and Procedure

Your travel and expense payments should be considered as the Company's
investment in your efforts whether for Sales, Research, Training, or
Meetings purposes. Therefore, please respect the process as you would
any other investment decision.

The following is our Company's Travel and Expense Policy and Procedure
until further notice:

1\. [Travel]{.underline}.

The Company will pay for travel as long as expenses are reasonable.
Employees are expected to fly coach and arrange for e-tickets, where
possible, through recognized Internet providers such as AOL travel to
get the best prices and arrangements. Employees should make similar
arrangements for hotels and car rentals as required.

2\. [Travel Advances]{.underline}.

Except in hardship cases, the Company provides no travel advances.

3\. [Mileage]{.underline}.

Any use of an employee\'s own vehicle for company business over 5 miles
per incident will be paid at the then prevailing mileage rate approved
by the Internal Revenue Service.

4.  [Supplies and Services]{.underline}.

Supplies and services used in your work will be reimbursable if approved
in advance by your supervisor. Your supervisor may approve the continued
reimbursement of certain of these supplies without every time approval
(e.g., art supplies for a graphics designer; copies of presentations for
a sales person). We strongly encourage employees to seek out approval
for any supplies or services they believe will enhance their work
product or those of others around them.

4.  [Entertainment and Meals]{.underline}.

Entertainment and meals is always a tricky issue in expense reports.
This is reflected by careful review of this category by the Internal
Revenue Service. All meals out of town are reimbursable, as long as
reasonable prudence is used. Entertainment of customers is encouraged
but within reasonable and prudent limits (i.e., no painting the town red
or excessive use of alcohol, and so on and so on).

6\. [Expense Report Submissions]{.underline}

Expense reports should be filled out promptly and submitted for
reimbursement. Receipts and explanations should be included with all
expense reports. Expense reports are to be signed by the employee and
their manager and forwarded to Accounting. Any Expense Report turned in
45 days after the first expenditure on the report is subject to
nonpayment.

7*.* [Reimbursement]{.underline}.

Employees will be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred during the
course of their duties, upon the submission and approval of the expense
reports, explanations, receipts, and vouchers in accordance with this
policy. The Company will consider and approve, in its sole discretion,
the reasonableness of expenses, and the amount that shall be repaid.

We encourage all employees to bring up any questions they may have about
these policies and procedures.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Dated:

Authorized Employee of Company

Travel and Expense Policy and Procedure

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Travel and Expense policies
are tricky subjects and full of mystique and lore, most of it bad.
Therefore, announce your policy and check to see if it makes sense and
seems reasonable. If so, publish and distribute the policy.

The President or CEO should sign the policy, in our judgment, to show it
is a valued issue by top management. We believe you should reinforce
this is an "investment" made in employees. A Sales call to a prospective
customer is as much as an investment as buying a new piece of equipment.
In fact, it may have a much higher rate of return and more promptly.

Employees who travel do so after hours and at substantial inconvenience
to themselves and their families, as a rule. To the extent they get to
fancy places such as Paris or London, at least in my case, it is usually
Paris, Kentucky or London, Ontario! Your policy should reflect that
respect for those worthwhile activities.

On the other hand, your policy should also frown on boondoggles and
similarly unproductive trips to Florida in February, elaborate
conferences, and the like. If you don't do this, your people will lose
respect for your enterprise and its mission.

1.  New employees should be given a copy of this policy on their first
    day of work.

2\. All employees should be encouraged to buy supplies and services
appropriate for their work and development. A few employees abuse this
policy. But, the vast majority doesn't use it enough. You want to be
sure your key functional people get the computer upgrades they need to
do a better job, for example. You want your sales people to buy sales
oriented books for reading on their travels or at home, for another
example. As our sales people say to customers, every company would love
to reimburse their employees for buying our [Sales Skills]{.underline}
and [Negotiations Handbook]{.underline} discs. At the same time, those
same companies would not like to see our [Three Stooges]{.underline} or
[Puzzles]{.underline} discs show up on the same expense account. In
other words, this discretionary area requires management judgment to get
the best out of it while discouraging bad practices.
