Tuition Reimbursement Agreement

This Tuition Reimbursement Agreement is made on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ by and between,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Employee") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Employer\").

Where as Employee is an employee of the Employer, and in order to
upgrade the skills of the Employee, the Employee has applied for and has
been accepted into the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Course of
Study") at \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Program")
beginning on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and ending on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

The Employer agrees as follows:

1\. [Tuition Repayment]{.underline}. Employer agrees to pay the tuition
directly for the Course as long as the Employee is in Employ of the
Employer.

2\. [Repayment Event]{.underline}. Upon the occurrence of any of the
following events (\"Repayment Event\"):

\(a\) Employment of the Employee at Employer terminates prior to the
completion of the Program for any reason whatsoever, including
resignation by Employee, or dismissal by Employer with or without cause;
or

\(b\) Employee does not satisfactorily complete any portion of Course,
or withdraws from or is expelled from Program, Employer\'s obligation to
make any further Tuition Payments shall immediately cease, and Employee
shall, at the Employer\'s option, repay to the Employer all Tuition
Payments reimbursed by the Employer up to that point in time.

3\. [Set-Off]{.underline}. The Employee authorizes and directs Employer
to set-off any and all amounts owing to Employer under this Agreement
against any amount owing by the Employer to the Employee, including but
not limited to salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay,
termination pay and severance pay, but not including an expense reports.

4\. [Indemnity]{.underline}. The Employee hereby indemnifies and saves
harmless the Employer from and against any and all suits, claims,
actions, damages and other losses which the Employer suffers or incurs
as a result of any governmental taxing authority assessing the
reimbursement of the Tuition Payments hereunder as a benefit to the
Employee.

5\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Employee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Employer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

6\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

7\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

8\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

9\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

10\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee Employer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Tuition Reimbursement Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Tuition reimbursement
agreements should be simple and to the point. If you are going to do it,
do it. Overly restrictive commentary detracts from the positive nature
of your employee's attempt to improve their work skills. The kind of
employee that seeks this kind of reimbursement is generally in the top
part of your staff. If not, then think twice about the employee's
motivation before granting your approval.

1.  Sign multiple copies giving one original to the Employee and
    reserving one for their personnel file.
