# CUSTOMER SERVICE ACTION FORM

Use the following form to help create your own internal company customer
satisfaction information and action sheet. Customize it to reflect the
types of products and/or services that you offer. Consider carefully
both the routing of the form through the company and when you should
personally get involved. Hopefully, your employees should be able to
handle many situations without involving you directly. For example, if
you deal in merchandise and the wrong items are shipped, your employees
can quickly ship the right goods and arrange for a pick-up of the
erroneous order. But if the goods are custom made, or if it's your
biggest customer, you might want to be part of the problem resolution
process from the outset. And you'll want to have the form routed to you
last. That way, you can review the types of issues being raised and see
how your employees have resolved them.

Make it clear to your employees that this form isn't just window
dressing: it is an important part of your business' efforts to satisfy
your customers. Every employee should have a supply of these to get the
ball rolling when faced with a situation that he or she cannot resolve.
And everyone should be aware of the priority that these reports should
be afforded and the turn-around time expected for resolution. Consider
printing them on a distinctively colored paper so that they don't get
lost on a desk or in an in-basket.

This type of form helps prevent customer problems from falling through
the cracks, while at the same time providing for an orderly hand off to
someone who can address the matter. It also sends a couple of messages
to your employees. First, there is a clear procedure to follow when a
customer is unhappy. Second, you are looking to their good judgment to
recognize problems and promptly suggest (and, frequently, implement)
solutions. Third, it reinforces the message that your employees are a
team, working to achieve common goals. In a well-run business, employees
who are the primary customer contacts will originate many of these
forms, not management.
