**Submitted To: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

**Copy No.: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[ ]{.underline}**[Date:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

######## [CONFIDENTIAL]{.underline}

######## [PRE-OFFERING SUMMARY]{.underline}

######## [OF]{.underline}

######## [\[CORPORATION NAME\]]{.underline}

[THIS PRE-OFFERING SUMMARY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR A
SOLICITATION OF OFFERS TO BUY, SECURITIES, SUCH AN OFFER CAN BE MADE
ONLY BY A CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM TO BE SUBSEQUENTLY
PREPARED, AND DELIVERED TO QUALIFIED OFFEREES. THIS DOCUMENT IS ONLY
INTENDED TO PROVIDE AN INITIAL SUMMARY OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION,
WHICH MAY BE SUBJECT TO CHANGE, AND WHICH WILL BE SUPERSEDED BY THE
PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM. THIS PRELIMINARY INFORMATION STATEMENT MAY
NOT BE REPORDUCED OR DISTRIBUTED BY THE RECIPIENT.]{.underline}

[AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY WILL BE SPECULATIVE AND WILL INVOLVE A
HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. SUCH RISKS INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO,
INVESTMENT IN A NEW START-UP VENTURE WITH SIGNIFICANT CAPITAL NEEDS AND
EXPENSES, THE ILLIQUIDITY OF THE INVESTMENT, RESPRICTIONS ON
TRANSFERABILITY, THE NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, AND OTHER POTENTIAL
RISKS WHICH CANNOT BE DETERMINED IN ADVANCE.]{.underline}

1.  **[THE COMPANY]{.underline}**

[\[COMPANY NAME\] (the "Company") is a newly formed company whose goal
will be to develop and market: ]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

[To date, the Company has accomplished the following: ]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

[The Company was incorporated in \[STATE/PROVINCE\], on \[DATE\]. The
Company's office is located at \[ADDRESS\], its telephone number is
\[PHONE NUMBER\] and its fax number is \[FAX NUMBER\].]{.underline}

1.  **[THE COMPANY]{.underline}[']{.underline}[S
    OPPORTUNITY]{.underline}**

[The Company believes it has the unique opportunity to
\[DESCRIBE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[THE OFFERING]{.underline}**

[The Company will be offering \[NUMBER\] share of its Common Stock (the
"Shares") to qualified investors at a purchase price of \[AMOUNT\] per
share for an aggregate offering price of \[AMOUNT\]. This document does
not solicit any investment, but is used only to determine if there is an
interest in a possible investment.]{.underline}

1.  **[OUTSTANDING SHARES]{.underline}**

[As of \[DATE\], after giving affect to the sale of \[NUMBER\] Shares,
the Company's outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted basis would be
as follows:]{.underline}

[ Percent]{.underline}

[ Number of Common of Total]{.underline}

[ Shares Outstanding Shares]{.underline}

[Existing Shareholders %]{.underline}

[Shares offered hereby %]{.underline}

**[Total]{.underline}**[ 100%Â ]{.underline}

1.  **[USE OF PROCEEDS]{.underline}**

[Of the net proceeds to be received from the sale of the Shares,
approximately \[AMOUNT\] will be used to \[DESCRIBE\], approximately
\[AMOUNT\] will be used to \[DESCRIBE\], and \[AMOUNT\] will be used for
\[DESCRIBE\]. The balance, if any, will be added to working capital and
used for general corporate purposes. Pending such uses, the net proceeds
will be invested in short-term, interest-bearing securities or
accounts.]{.underline}

1.  **[ELIGIBLE INVESTORS]{.underline}**

[This offering will be made in reliance on exemptions form the
registration and qualification requirements of the applicable securities
laws. Subscriptions will be accepted only from "accredited investors,"
as such term is defined in \[LAW OR CODE\], or those otherwise who meet
appropriate suitability standards.]{.underline}

1.  **[MANAGEMENT]{.underline}**

[The management team of the Company consists of the
following:]{.underline}

-   [\[NAME\]: \[AGE\] \[TITLE\] \[DESCRIPTION OF
    EXPERIENCE\]]{.underline}

-   [\[NAME\]: \[AGE\] \[TITLE\] \[DESCRIPTION OF
    EXPERIENCE\]]{.underline}

-   [\[NAME\]: \[AGE\] \[TITLE\] \[DESCRIPTION OF
    EXPERIENCE\]]{.underline}

1.  **[RISK FACTORS]{.underline}**

[Purchase of shares by an investor will be speculative and will involve
a high degree of risk. Investors should not purchase the Shares unless
they are prepared and can afford to lose their entire investment. The
risks associated with the Company include but are not limited
to:]{.underline}

-   [The company is in its early stage of development, and its proposed
    operations are subject to all risks inherent in the establishment of
    a new enterprise]{.underline}

-   [The Company has made no material sales to date and have encountered
    significant expenses in commencing operations]{.underline}

-   [The key products upon which the Company's plans depend are still in
    development]{.underline}

-   [The Company will need to attract and retain key
    personnel]{.underline}

-   [The Company expects to face significant competition for its
    products]{.underline}

-   [The Company will need to obtain additional capital to grow the
    business]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER]{.underline}**

[Transfer of the Shares will be subject to restrictions on transfer to
comply with applicable securities laws, and an agreement by the
transferee to be bound by the terms of the Subscription Agreement to be
executed by all purchasers. The stock certificates will bear appropriate
legends with respect to these restrictions. In addition, the Shares will
be subject to a Right of First Refusal Agreement, granting the Company
the right of first refusal on any proposed transfer of
shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[PROJECTIONS]{.underline}**

[Attached hereto are certain projections concerning the Company.
Projections are hypothetical and based upon present factors influencing
the business of the Company. Assumptions regarding future changes in
sales and revenues are necessarily speculative in nature. In addition,
projections do not and cannot take into account such factors as general
economic conditions, unforeseen changes and developments in available
technologies and products, the entry into the Company's market of
significant additional competitors, natural disasters, the terms and
conditions of future financings of the Company, and other risks inherent
to the business of the Company. While management believes that the
projections reflect the possible future results of the company's
operations, such results cannot be guaranteed. Investors must be
prepared for the substantial economic risks involved in the purchase of
the Shares, including the total loss of their investment.]{.underline}

1.  **[EXHIBITS]{.underline}**

[This document contains the following exhibits:]{.underline}

-   [Projections]{.underline}

-   [Product brochures]{.underline}

-   [Newspaper articles]{.underline}

-   [\[OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION\]]{.underline}

1.  **[OTHER INFORMATION]{.underline}**

[The Company anticipates preparing a Confidential Private Placement
Memorandum to qualified persons which will contain additional
information material to a prospective investor, and will constitute the
offer of the securities. Prospective investors will have the opportunity
to review other relevant documents, including, but not limited to the
Business Plan, the Subscription Agreement, Articles of Incorporation,
Bylaws, and other information about the Company.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
the date first above written. ]{.underline}

COMPANY POTENTIAL INVESTOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
