Assignment of Mortgage

This Assignment dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Assignor"), of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Assignee"), of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Whereas:

\(A\) By a mortgage dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Mortgage\"), and
recorded on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as Registration/Recordal Number
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, the property described as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, (\"Property\") was mortgaged in favor of
the Assignor to secure payment of the principal sum of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_with interest as therein set out
upon the terms therein mentioned;

\(B\) There is now owing upon the Mortgage for principal
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ together with interest thereon from
the date hereof,

\(C\) Assignor has agreed to assign the Mortgage to Assignee;

In consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1\. Assignor hereby assigns, transfers and sets over to Assignee
Assignor\'s interest as mortgagee in Mortgage and also the sum of Amount
of Indebtedness now owing from mortgage borrower to Assignor
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ now owing as aforesaid, together with all
monies that may hereafter become due or owing in respect of Mortgage,
the charge upon the Property and the full benefit of all powers and of
all covenants contained in Mortgage, and also the full power and
authority to use the name or names of Assignor for enforcing the
performance of the covenants and other matters and things contained in
Mortgage.

2\. Assignor makes this assignment to Assignee, to have and to hold the
said Mortgage and all monies arising in respect of the same and to
accrue thereon, to the use of Assignee absolutely forever, but subject
to the terms contained in such Mortgage.

3\. Assignor hereby covenants with Assignee that Mortgage is a good and
valid security and the sum of Amount of Indebtedness Now Owing from
Mortgage Borrower to Assignor \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is now
owing and unpaid and that Assignor has not done or permitted any act,
matter or thing whereby Mortgage has been released or discharged either
partly or in its entirety.

4\. Assignee may collect, realize, sell or otherwise deal with the
assigned accounts or any part thereof in such manner, upon such terms
and conditions and at such time or times as may seem to it advisable and
without notice to Assignor (except as otherwise required by any
applicable law), and may charge on its own behalf and pay to others
reasonable sums for expenses incurred and for services rendered
(expressly including legal advice and services) in or in connection with
collecting, realizing, selling or obtaining payment of the Assigned
Accounts and may add the amount of such sums to the indebtedness of
Assignor.

5\. Assignor shall from time to time forthwith on Assignee\'s request
do, make and execute all such further assignments, documents, acts,
matters and things as may be required by Assignee of or with respect to
Mortgage as may be required to give effect to these presents, including,
but not limited to obtaining waivers and subordinations of interests in
Mortgage from any persons having a prior claim or interest thereto.
Assignor hereby constitutes and appoints Assignee the true and lawful
attorney of Assignor irrevocable with full power or substitution to do,
make and execute all such statements, assignments, documents, acts,
matters or things with the right to use the name of Assignor whenever
and wherever it may be deemed necessary or expedient.

6\. The provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of the successors
and assigns of Assignee and shall be binding upon the respective heirs,
executors, administrators, successors and assigns of Assignor.

7\. This is the entirety of the agreement. Any changes must be made in
writing and signed by both parties. Any disputes must be brought in the
state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Date:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Assignor Assignee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Assignment of Mortgage

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a standard
assignment of mortgage. It is a complicated document and should be
reviewed especially carefully prior to executing.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one with the
    transaction file.
