Assignment of Mortgage as Security

This Assignment dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, the Mortgage Holder, of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Assignor\") and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Person Receiving
Assignment of Mortgage, of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Assignee\").

Whereas:

\(A\) By a mortgage dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Mortgage\"),
and recorded on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

with Registration/Recordal Number \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Borrower under
Mortgage, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Mortgagor\"), mortgaged the
property described the property more fully described in Exhibit 1, in
favor of Assignor to secure payment of the principal sum of Original
Amount of Indebtedness from Mortgage Borrower to Assignor of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ with interest as therein set out upon the terms
therein mentioned;

\(B\) There is now owing upon the Mortgage for principal the sum of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ now owing to Assignor together with
interest thereon from the date hereof;

\(C\) Assignor has agreed to assign the Mortgage to Assignee as
continuing collateral security for payment by Assignor of all
indebtedness of Assignor to Assignee;

In consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1\. Assignor hereby assigns, transfers and sets over to Assignee
Assignor\'s interest as mortgagee in the Mortgage and also the sum
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ now owing from Mortgage Borrower to
Assignor, together with all monies that may hereafter become due or
owing in respect of the Mortgage, the charge upon the Property and the
full benefit of all powers and of all covenants contained in the
Mortgage, and also the full power and authority to use the name or names
of Assignor for enforcing the performance of the covenants and other
matters and things contained in the Mortgage, as a general and
continuing collateral security for payment of all existing and future
indebtedness and liability of Assignor to Assignee wheresoever and
howsoever incurred and any ultimate unpaid balance thereof, and as a
first and prior claim upon the Mortgage.

2\. Assignor hereby covenants with Assignee that the Mortgage is a good
and valid security and the sum now owing from Mortgage Borrower to
Assignor, \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, is now owing and unpaid and that
Assignor has not done or permitted any act, matter or thing whereby the
Mortgage has been released or discharged either partly or in its
entirety.

3\. Assignee may collect, realize, sell or otherwise deal with the
Assigned Accounts or any part thereof in such manner, upon such terms
and conditions and at such time or times as may seem to it advisable and
without notice to Assignor (except as otherwise required by any
applicable law), and may charge on its own behalf and pay to others
reasonable sums for expenses incurred and for services rendered
(expressly including legal advice and services) in or in connection with
collecting, realizing, selling or obtaining payment of the Assigned
Accounts and may add the amount of such sums to the indebtedness of
Assignor.

4\. Assignee shall not be liable or accountable for any failure to
collect, realize, sell or obtain payment of the Assigned Accounts or any
part thereof and shall not be bound to institute proceedings for the
purpose of collecting, realizing or obtaining payment of the same or for
the purpose of preserving any rights of Assignee, Assignor or any other
person, firm or corporation in respect of the same.

5\. Assignee may grant extensions of time and other indulgences, take
and give up securities, accept compositions, grant releases and
discharges and otherwise deal with Mortgagor and the Mortgage without
prejudice to the liability of Assignor or Assignee\'s right to hold and
realize this security.

6\. All moneys collected or received by the Assignor in respect of the
Mortgage shall be received as trustee for Assignee and shall be
forthwith paid to Assignee.

7\. All moneys collected or received by Assignee in respect of the
Mortgage (whether by virtue of paragraph 6 or otherwise) may be applied
on account of such parts of the indebtedness and liability of Assignor
as to Assignee seems best or in the discretion of Assignee may be
released to Assignor, all without prejudice to Assignee\'s claims upon
Assignor.

8\. Assignor shall from time to time forthwith on Assignee\'s request
do, make and execute all such further assignments, documents, acts,
matters and things as may be required by Assignee of or with respect to
the Mortgage as may be required to give effect to these presents,
including, but not limited to obtaining waivers and subordinations of
interests in the Mortgage from any persons having a prior claim or
interest thereto. Assignor hereby constitutes and appoints Assignee the
true and lawful attorney of Assignor irrevocable with full power or
substitution to do, make and execute all such statements, assignments,
documents, acts, matters or things with the right to use the name of
Assignor whenever and wherever it may be deemed necessary or expedient.

10\. The provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of the successors
and assigns of the Assignee and shall be binding upon the respective
heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the
Assignor.

11\. This is the entirety of the agreement between the parties. Any
changes must be made in writing and signed by both parties. Any dispute
must be brought in the state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Date:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Assignor Assignee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

# Assignment of Mortgage as Security

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a complex document
that you would be well advised to seek both financial expertise and
legal advice prior to enacting.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one with the
    transaction file.
