Encroachment Agreement

This Agreement dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Licensee\") of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(\"Licensor\") of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Whereas the Licensee is the owner of the property municipally known as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(\"Licensee\'s Property\");

And the Licensor is the owner of the property municipally known as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Licensor\'s Property\");

And the Licensee wishes to obtain the right to encroach upon the
Licensor\'s property specifically for the purposes set out below;

And the Licensor is prepared to permit such encroachment, strictly in
accordance with the terms and conditions hereof,

In consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1\. Licensor hereby licenses and permits Licensee to but only in
accordance with the sketch of survey attached to this Agreement and
marked as Exhibit 1 (the \"Encroachment\").

2\. Licensee shall not acquire any right, title or interest in or to
Licensor\'s Property or the portion thereof affected by the
Encroachment, except the right to maintain the Encroachment in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

3\. Licensee hereby agrees to remove the Encroachment upon receipt of
sixty days prior written notice from Licensor requesting Licensee to
remove the same.

4\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon
the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, executors, successors
and assigns.

5\. Licensee shall pay Licensor \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_ per month for these
rights, with the payment due on the first of each month.

6\. This is the entire agreement between the parties. Any changes must
be made in writing and signed by both parties. Any disputes must be
brought in the state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties
hereto as of the date above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Licensee Licensor

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Exhibit 1 Attached

# Encroachment Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. The name is old fashioned
but describes accurately the activity of encroaching on someone's
property and paying accordingly. This can be for a concession or any
other such activity.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one with the
    transaction file.
