Fence Line Agreement

This Agreement is dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"First Party\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"2nd Party\").

Whereas:

\(A\) First Party is the owner of the Property described as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"First Party\'s Property\");

\(B\) Second Party is the owner of the Property described as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Second Party\'s Property\");

\(C\) First Party and Second Party wish to erect a fence between their
respective properties;

NOW in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter
set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as
follows:

I. The parties agree to erect a Fence (\"Fence\") along the boundary
line between the First Party\'s Property and Second Party\'s Property.
The parties will use their best efforts to ensure that construction of
the Fence commences on or before \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
and is completed on or before \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

2\. The parties agree to share the costs of the Fence equally. The
parties acknowledge and agree that the Fence shall cost no more than
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

3\. The Fence shall be constructed using \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Materials and
shall be constructed according to the plans and specifications attached
hereto as Exhibit 1.

4\. The parties agree to share equally in the cost of the fence,
maintenance, upkeep and repairs of the Fence from time to time. To avoid
any conflict on the issue, the parties agree to pay their 50% share of
fence construction to the agreed upon contractor in advance of the work
being done to be sure there are no lingering or left over costs
associated with the initial construction project.

5\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns of each of the
parties hereto.

6\. This Agreement is sets forth the entire agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and stands in the place of
any previous agreement, whether oral or in writing. The parties agree
that no amendment to this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties
unless it is in writing and executed by both parties. Any dispute must
be brought in the state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties
hereto as of the date above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Exhibit 1: Plans and Specifications of Fence

Fence Line Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you with its preparation. Boundary line issues are
always sensitive. As a great country lawyer once told me, "Nothing gets
people excited and contentious like boundary line and will disputes." So
a word to the wise: if you want to build a fence, be careful to get
consensus and protect yourself further by doing it in advance. Be sure
to get all the payments up front so you don't wind up dunning your
neighbor or he/she doing the same to you.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one with the
    transaction or real estate file related to the subject matter.

2\. Your actions should be guided by the thought, "Trust everyone but
cut the cards."
