Grant of Right of Way

This Agreement dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Grantor)
and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Grantee).

In consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter set
forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as
follows:

1\. Grantor hereby grants to Grantee a right-of-way (\"Right-of-Way\")
for persons and vehicles over the following property (see also Exhibit
1):

2\. Grantee agrees at all times to maintain the Right-of-Way in a state
of good repair.

3\. Grantee shall pay Grantor \$ \_\_\_\_\_ per month, payable by the
first day of each month. Grantee acknowledges it can lose this Right of
Way privilege by either not paying on a timely basis or with 60 days
written notice from Grantor, with or without cause.

4\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns of each of the
parties hereto.

4\. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and stands in the place of any
previous agreement, whether oral or in writing. The parties agree that
no amendment to this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties unless
it is in writing and executed by both parties. Any dispute must be
brought in the state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties
hereto as of the date above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Grantor Grantee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Exhibit 1 Attached

Grant of Right of Way

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This form is intended when
the grant is one sided. A mutual grant of right of way is also included
in the documents.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one in the
    transaction file.

2.  This is a temporary grant. If you wish to make it permanent, then
    make the modification to both the term and the payment, one time is
    recommended under these circumstances.

3.  You can also modify this agreement to be a pure license as opposed
    to a grant. Substitute the term license in place of grant. Payment
    terms should remain the same with the monthly amounts and
    termination time determined according to your business situation.
