Right of Way Agreement\--Mutual

This is a Right of Way Agreement between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("First Party"), of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ relating to
the property at \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and listed in
Exhibit 1 and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Second
Party\") of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ relating to
property at \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and listed in Exhibit 2.

WHEREAS:

\(A\) The First Party is the registered owner of the property
municipally known as \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and legally
described in Exhibit 1;

\(B\) The Second Party is the registered owner of the property
municipally known as
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and legally
described in Exhibit 2;

\(C\) The parties wish to establish and maintain a mutual right-of-way
over their properties;

NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
agree as follows:

I. The First Party hereby grants to the Second Party a right-of-way for
the use of the owners and occupants of the Second Party\'s Property, in
common with the owners and occupants of the First Party\'s Property,
over the First Party\'s Property as described more completely in Exhibit
3.

2\. The Second Party hereby grants to the First Party a right-of-way for
the use of the owners and occupants of the First Party\'s Property, in
common with the owners and occupants of the Second Party\'s Property,
over the Second Party\'s Property as described more completely in
Exhibit 4.

3\. The foregoing rights-of-way shall form a mutual right-of-way (the
\"Mutual Right-ofÂ­Way\") for pedestrians and vehicles over the
respective properties.

4\. The parties agree to maintain the Mutual Right-of-Way in a good
state of repair and to share equally all costs associated with the
maintenance and repair thereof.

5\. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns of each of the
parties hereto.

6\. This is the entire agreement between the parties. Any changes must
be made in writing and signed by both parties. Any disputes must be
brought in the state of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties
hereto as of the date written below.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Date:

Right of Way Agreement---Mutual

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
writing and assist you in its preparation. This agreement should be
recorded on your deed to preserve your rights. If you give a right of
way to another party, without a compensating right of way in return, you
should consider selling those rights and add a clause herein to reflect
that compensation to you.

1.  Make multiple copies. Consider getting the document notarized since
    you should file it with the registry of deeds. Keep a copy with your
    property papers that relate to the right of way.
