**MEDIATION AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT**

Our company greatly values its relationships with its employees. We
realize that no matter how hard we may try, an occasional breakdown in
the relationship may occur. The purpose of this Mediation and
Arbitration Agreement is to help avoid the time, expense and emotions
associated with dragging our problems through the litigation system.

1.  **AGREEMENT TO MEDIATE**

You and the Company agree to first attempt a mediation of any dispute
covered by this Agreement. Mediation is a non-binding process allowing
the parties to resolve claims without extensive cost, time and emotion.
This mediation shall be conducted pursuant to the Rules and Procedures
of the American Arbitration Association for the resolution of employment
disputes, or as otherwise stipulated by the parties.

The parties agree to make a good faith effort at mediating any dispute
prior to filing a claim for arbitration.

1.  **AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE; DESIGNATED CLAIMS**

The parties agree that all references to the \"Company\" in this
Agreement shall include and all of its subsidiary and affiliated
entities, including all former, current and future officers, directors
and employees of all such entities, in their capacity as such or
otherwise; all benefit plans and their sponsors, fiduciaries,
administrators, affiliates and agents, in their capacity as such and
otherwise; and all successors and assigns of any of them. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company and the Employee
hereby consent to the resolution by binding arbitration of all claims or
controversies for which a federal or state court or other dispute
resolution body otherwise would be authorized to grant relief, whether
or not arising out of, relating to or associated with the Employee\'s
employment with the Company, that the Employee may have against the
Company or that the Company may have against the Employee.

Claims covered by this Agreement include, but are not limited to, claims
for wages or other compensation due; claims for breach of any contract
or covenant, express or implied; tort claims; claims for discrimination
or harassment on bases which include but are not limited to race, sex,
sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, marital status,
disability or medical condition; claims for benefits, except as excluded
in paragraph 6; and claims for violation of any federal, state or other
governmental constitution, statute, ordinance, regulation, or public
policy including but not limited to \[LAWS/CODE/ACT\] and their
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] equivalents. The purpose and effect of this Agreement
is to substitute arbitration as the forum for resolution of the Claims;
all responsibilities of the parties under the statutes applicable to the
Claims shall be enforced. We both understand and agree that we are
entering into this Agreement voluntarily, and that this Agreement
provides for the waiver of our respective rights to a trial by jury on
the claims covered by this Agreement.

1.  **NEUTRAL MEDIATOR OR ARBITRATOR**

Any mediation of arbitration of disputes shall be conducted by a neutral
mediator/arbitrator.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

All arbitrations covered by this Agreement shall be adjudicated in
accordance with the state or federal law that would be applied by a
\[COUNTRY\] sitting at \[the place of the hearing\].

1.  **LOCATION OF ARBITRATION**

The parties agree that any dispute shall be held in the \[PLACE\]
pursuant to its \[RULES FOR ARBITRATION EMPLOYMENT DISPUTES.\]

1.  **RIGHTS**

Please understand that by signing this agreement, and except for those
matters excluded, the Employee and Company waives any right that it, he
or she may possess to have employment related disputes litigated in a
court or by jury trial.

1.  **CLAIMS NOT COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT**

This Agreement does not apply to or cover claims for workers\'
compensation or unemployment compensation benefits; claims resulting
from the default of any obligation of the Company or the Employee under
a loan agreement; claims for injunctive and/or other equitable relief
for intellectual property violations, unfair competition and/or the use
and/or unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets or confidential
information; or claims based upon an employee pension or benefit plan
that either (1) contains an arbitration or other non-judicial resolution
procedure, in which case the provisions of such plan shall apply, or (2)
is underwritten by a commercial insurer which decides claims. If either
the Company or the Employee has more than one claim against the other,
one or more of which is not covered by this Agreement, such claims shall
be determined separately in the appropriate forum for resolution of
those claims. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the parties from
agreeing to resolve claims other than Claims covered by this Agreement
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

1.  **STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS**

Any claim governed by this Agreement shall be filed no later than one
year from the date of discovery, or one year from the last date
employment, which ever comes first.

1.  **INITIATION OF MEDIATION PROCESS**

Employee or Company can initiate the mediation process by filing a
Request for Mediation with \[HUMAN RESOURCES, CORPORATE COUNSEL, ETC.\]

1.  **INITIATION OF THE ARBITRATION PROCESS**

To initiate the arbitration process, the aggrieved party must file a
written Claim. Claims can be filed with the office of \[NAME\]. Service
of the Claim upon the responding party shall be made in accordance with
Procedures. Copies of the Rules for Arbitration are available upon
request from the Human Resources Department in each of the Company\'s
major facilities and from each of the Regional Offices, as well as from
\[NAME\] offices.

1.  **ARBITRATION PROCEDURES**

Arbitrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be conducted in accordance
with the procedures set forth in \[RULES FOR ARBITRATION\], except where
the Rules conflict with this Agreement, in which case the terms of this
Agreement shall govern.

1.  **REPRESENTATION**

Each party may be represented by an attorney at any mediation or
arbitration covered by this Agreement.

1.  **FEES AND COSTS**

The Company will pay reasonable costs for up to two alternative dispute
resolution procedures during a \[NUMBER\]-month period beginning
\[DATE\]. All other arbitration costs shall be shared equally by the
Company and the Employee. Each party shall pay for each party\'s
attorneys\' fees and costs, if any. However, the arbitrator may, in his
or her discretion, permit the prevailing party to recover fees and cost
to the extent permitted by applicable law.

1.  **DISCOVERY**

The parties shall be entitled to engage in reasonable discovery in the
form of requests for documents, interrogatories, requests for admission,
physical and/or mental examinations and depositions, in order to obtain
information necessary to prosecute or defend the claims brought. Any
disputes between the parties regarding the nature or scope of discovery
shall be resolved by the Arbitrator(s) in his or her discretion.

1.  **WRITTEN AWARD**

The Arbitrator shall issue a written award, setting forth the award and
basis therefore. The award shall be final and binding upon the parties.
The Arbitrator shall have the power to award any type of relief that
would be available in court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, the
Arbitrator shall have the authority to order any party found to have
presented any claim or defense without substantial justification to pay
the other party's attorney's fees and costs. Any award may be entered as
judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.

1.  **MOTIONS**

The arbitrator will have the authority to grant motions dispositive of
all or part of any claim pursuant to the \[RULES FOR ARBITRATION OF
EMPLOYMENT LAW DISPUTES.\]

1.  **EXCLUSIVE REMEDY**

For Claims covered by this Agreement, arbitration is the parties\'
exclusive legal remedy. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to
resolve any dispute relating to the applicability or enforceability of
this Agreement. The decision of an arbitrator on any Claims submitted to
arbitration as provided by this Agreement shall be in writing setting
forth the findings of fact and conclusions of law and the reasons
supporting the decision and shall be final and binding upon the parties,
except that both parties shall have the right to appeal to the
appropriate court any errors of law in the decision rendered by the
arbitrator.

1.  **CONSIDERATION**

In addition to any other consideration, each party\'s promise to resolve
Claims by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement, rather than through the courts or other bodies, is
consideration for the other party\'s like promise. So too is the
Employer's willingness to pay costs of the procedure as set forth in
paragraph 13.

1.  **NOT AN EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT**

This Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to create, any
contract of employment, express or implied, nor shall this Agreement be
construed in any way to change the status of the Employee from that of
at-will employment.

1.  **TERM, MODIFICATION, AND REVOCATION**

This Agreement shall survive the employer-employee relationship between
the Company and the Employee and shall apply to any covered Claim
whether it arises or is asserted during or after termination of the
Employee\'s employment with the Company or the expiration of any benefit
plan. This Agreement can be modified or revoked only by a writing signed
by the Employee and an executive officer of the Company that references
this Agreement and specifically states an intent to modify or revoke
this Agreement.

1.  **SEVERABILITY**

A court construing this Agreement may modify, or interpret it in order
to render it enforceable. If this Agreement is declared unenforceable
and cannot be administered, interpreted, or modified to be enforceable,
the parties agree to waive any right to a jury trial with respect to any
dispute to which this Agreement applies. If any provision of this
Agreement or the Code is adjudged to be void or otherwise unenforceable,
in whole or in part, such adjudication shall not affect the validity of
the remainder of the Agreement or the Code.

1.  **SOLE AND ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This is the complete agreement of the parties on the subject of
arbitration of disputes, except for any arbitration provision contained
in any pension or benefit plan. This Agreement supersedes any prior or
contemporaneous oral or written agreement or understanding on the
subject. In executing this Agreement, neither party is relying on any
representation, oral or written, on the subject of the effect,
enforceability or meaning of this Agreement except as specifically set
forth in this Agreement.

EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT ACKNOWLEDGES CAREFULLY READING THIS
AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDING ITS TERMS, AND ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT
VOLUNTARILY AND NOT IN RELIANCE ON ANY PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS OTHER
THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT ITSELF.

EACH PARTY FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS THIS
AGREEMENT WITH PERSONAL LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAS USED THAT OPPORTUNITY TO
THE EXTENT DESIRED.

COMPANY EMPLOYEE

Signature Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
