**TELECOMMUTING AGREEMENT**

This Telecommuting Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[EMPLOYEE NAME\] **(the \"Employee\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\] **(the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**RECITALS**

Employee agrees to participate in the telecommuting program and to
adhere to the applicable guidelines and policies. Company concurs with
the Employee\'s participation and agrees to adhere to the applicable
guidelines and policies.

The Telecommuting Agreement is subject to the following terms and
conditions:

1.  **DURATION**

This agreement will be valid for a period of \[SPECIFY TERM\] beginning
on \[START DATE\] and ending on \[END DATE\]. At the end of that time,
both parties will participate in a review which can result in the
reactivation of the agreement.

1.  **WORK HOURS **

Employee\'s work hours and work location are specified in the Attachment
at the end of this agreement.

1.  **PAY AND ATTENDANCE**

All pay, leave and travel entitlement will be based on the Employee\'s
primary business location. Employee\'s time and attendance will be
recorded as performing official duties at the primary business location.

1.  **LEAVE **

Employee must obtain approval before taking leave in accordance with
established office procedures. By signing this form, Employee agrees to
follow established procedures for requesting and obtaining approval of
leave.

1.  **OVERTIME **

The Employee will continue to work in pay status while working at the
home office. An Employee who works overtime that has been ordered and
approved in advance will be compensated in accordance with applicable
law and rules. The Employee understands that Company will not accept the
results of unapproved overtime work and will act vigorously to
discourage it.

By signing this agreement, the Employee agrees that failing to obtain
proper approval for overtime work may result in removal from the
telecommuting program or other appropriate action.

1.  **BUSINESS OWNED EQUIPMENT **

In order to effectively perform their assigned tasks, Employees may use
Company equipment at the telecommuting location with the approval of
Company. The equipment must be protected against damage and unauthorized
use. Company owned equipment will be serviced and maintained by Company.
Any equipment provided by the Employee will be at no cost to Company,
and will be maintained by the Employee.

1.  **INSPECTION**

The telecommuting location will be inspected periodically to ensure that
proper maintenance of Company equipment is performed, and that safety
standards are met. Notice must be given to the Employee at least
\[NUMBER\] hours in advance of the inspection, which must occur during
normal working hours.

1.  **LIABILITY**

Company will not be liable for damages to the Employees\' property that
result from participation in the telecommuting program.

1.  **REIMBURSEMENT**

Company will not be responsible for operating costs, home maintenance,
or any other incidental cost (e.g., utilities) whatsoever, associated
with the use of the Employee\'s residence. The Employee does not
relinquish any entitlement to reimbursement for authorized expenses
incurred while conducting business for Company.

1.  **WORKERS\' COMPENSATION**

The Employee is covered under the \[LAW\] if injured in the course of
performing official duties at the telecommuting location.

1.  **WORK ASSIGNMENTS**

The Employee will meet with \[DESIGNATE CONTACT PERSON\] to receive
assignments and to review completed work as necessary or appropriate.
The Employee will complete all assigned work according to work
procedures mutually agreed upon by the Employee and \[THE CONTACT
PERSON\] according to guidelines and standards stated in the Employee\'s
performance plan.

1.  **EMPLOYEE EVALUATION **

The evaluation of the Employee\'s job performance will be based on norms
or other criteria derived from past performance and occupational
standards consistent with these guidelines. For those assignments
without precedent or without standards, regular and required progress
reporting by the Employee will be used to rate job performance and
establish standards. The Employee\'s most recent performance appraisal
must indicate fully achieved standards.

1.  **RECORDS**

The Employee will apply approved safeguards to protect Company records
from unauthorized disclosure or damage. Work done at the telecommuting
location is considered Company business. All records, papers, computer
files, and correspondence must be safeguarded for their return to the
primary business location.

1.  **CURTAILMENT OF THE AGREEMENT**

Specify whether the Employee may continue working for your business if
the Employee no longer wishes to telecommute. Also specify the
circumstances under which the telecommuting agreement will be terminated
by your business (e.g., if continued participation fails to satisfy
business needs) and the consequences of that termination on the
worker\'s continued employment.

1.  **PERFORMANCE LOCATION**

The Employee agrees to limit performance of assigned duties to the
primary business location or to the approved home location. Failure to
comply with this provision may result in termination of the
telecommuting agreement and/or other appropriate disciplinary action.

1.  **ATTORNEY'S FEES**

Attorney\'s fees and court costs shall be paid by the defendant in the
event that judgment must be, and is, obtained to enforce this agreement
or any breach thereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY EMPLOYEE

Signature Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**ATTACHMENT**

The following hours and locations are agreed to in support of the
Telecommuting Agreement.

Primary Business Location: [ ]{.underline}

Telecommuting Location: [ ]{.underline}

**GENERAL WORK HOURS:**

**Day Hours Location (home, office, other)**

Monday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Tuesday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Wednesday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Thursday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Friday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Saturday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Sunday: [ ]{.underline}-[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline}

Comments (Schedule flexibility, etc.):
