College Education Trust

This College Education Trust Agreement (\"Agreement\" or \"Trust\") is
made effective as of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, residing at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(\"Grantor\") and (\"Trustee\"). This Trust shall be known as the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ College Education Trust, dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. In consideration of the mutual covenants
and promises set forth in this Agreement, the Grantor and the Trustee
agree as follows.

1\. [Purpose / Irrevocable Trust]{.underline}. The primary purpose of
this Trust is to receive and manage assets for the health, education,
and support of the beneficiary. THIS TRUST IS IRREVOCABLE. The Grantor
realizes that the right to revoke or amend this Trust may be reserved,
but that right is expressly waived. This Trust is not subject to
alteration, amendment, revocation, or termination by the Grantor or any
other person. The Grantor renounces any possible benefit from this
Trust.

2\. [Funding of Trust]{.underline}. This Trust is being funded initially
with the amount of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, the receipt of which is
acknowledged by the Trustee. Additional funding may be provided by (i)
life time gifts made by the Grantor to this Trust, (ii) transfers made
to this Trust as testamentary gifts by the Grantor, and (iii) such other
transfers of property that may be made to this Trust from time to time
by the Grantor or other persons. The Trustee shall manage and distribute
the Trust assets for the benefit of the Beneficiary in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.

3\. [Distributions to the Beneficiary]{.underline}. Until the
Beneficiary attains the age of 25 years, the Trustee may distribute to
or for the sole benefit of the Beneficiary as much of the income and/or
principal as the Trustee (in the Trustee\'s sole discretion) may
determine is necessary for the Beneficiary\'s health, education, and
support. Any amount which the Trustee does not distribute to or for the
benefit of the Beneficiary shall be accumulated and added to the
principal of the Trust. No distributions of principal or income shall be
made to or for the Beneficiary which would have the effect of satisfying
the Grantor\'s legal obligation, if any, to support the Beneficiary.

4\. [Education]{.underline}. For the purpose of making distributions
under this Trust, the term \"education\" shall include reasonable costs
for college, trade schools, job training, or other costs that reasonably
develop income-earning capabilities.

5\. Termination of the Trust at Age 25 Years. When the Beneficiary
attains the age of 21 years, the remaining trust assets shall be
distributed to the Beneficiary and this Trust shall then terminate.

6\. [Continuation of Trust]{.underline}. As an alternative to mandatory
termination of this Trust at age 25 years, the Beneficiary may request
that this Trust be continued. If the Beneficiary makes a written request
to continue this Trust within 60 days after the Beneficiary attains the
age of 25 years, the Trustee shall continue the Trust until the
Beneficiary attains the age of 30 years.

a\. [Distributions After Age 25 Years]{.underline}. During this
additional time period, all of the net trust income shall be paid to the
Beneficiary at least annually. In addition, the Trustee shall distribute
to or for the benefit of the Beneficiary as much of the principal as the
Trustee (in the Trustee\'s sole discretion) may determine is necessary
for the Beneficiary\'s health, education, and support. In making such
distributions, the Trustee shall take into consideration any other
income and property that is known by the Trustee to be available to the
Beneficiary for the above purposes.

b\. [Termination of the Trust If the Trust Has Been Continued Past Age
25 Years]{.underline}. When the Beneficiary attains the age of 30 years,
the remaining trust assets shall be distributed to the Beneficiary and
this Trust shall then terminate.

7\. [Death of the Beneficiary]{.underline}. If the Beneficiary dies
before attaining the age at which this Trust shall terminate, the
following provisions shall apply.

a\. [General Testamentary Power of Appointment]{.underline}. The
Beneficiary shall have a \"general testamentary power of appointment\"
to distribute the remaining trust assets. Having this power means that
the Beneficiary may state in the Beneficiary\'s last will and testament
(or in some other written document that is signed by the Beneficiary and
acknowledged before a notary public or similar official) who will
receive the remaining trust assets, if the Beneficiary dies before
attaining the age at which this Trust shall terminate. The Beneficiary
shall have the absolute discretion to state who the beneficiaries will
be. The beneficiaries may include the Beneficiary\'s estate and/or
creditors. To validly exercise this power, the Beneficiary\'s will (or
other document) must specifically refer to this power. Upon distribution
of the trust assets, this Trust shall then terminate.

b\. [Alternate Distribution]{.underline}. If the Beneficiary fails to
validly exercise this general testamentary power of appointment, the
Trustee shall distribute the remaining trust assets to the
Beneficiary\'s then surviving descendants on a \"per stirpes\" basis. If
the Beneficiary has no surviving descendants at such time, the remaining
trust assets shall be distributed to the Beneficiary\'s heirs-at-law.
Heirship shall be determined in accordance with the intestacy laws of
New Hampshire then in effect.

c\. [Failure of the Trustee to Receive Notice]{.underline}. If the
Trustee does not receive actual notice of the existence of a will or
other document exercising this general testamentary power of appointment
within 90 days after the Beneficiary\'s death, then the Trustee may
distribute the trust assets under the prior paragraph as if such power
had not been exercised. However, if the power really has been exercised,
this paragraph shall not prevent the beneficiary of such a power from
enforcing the power as exercised.

d\. [Types of Distributions]{.underline}. Distributions to a beneficiary
may be made (i) outright to such beneficiary, (ii) to any other trust
that has been created for such beneficiary or (iii) to a custodial
account for such beneficiary under the applicable Uniform Transfers to
Minors Act (or equivalent legislation). The Trustee shall have the sole
discretion to determine which alternative to use.

8\. [Limitations on Powers]{.underline}. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the following limitations
on powers shall apply.

a\. No power granted to the Trustee in this Agreement or under law shall
be construed to allow the Grantor, the Trustee, or any other person to
purchase, exchange, or otherwise deal with or dispose of all or any part
of the principal or income of this Trust for less than an adequate
consideration in money or money\'s worth, or to enable the Grantor to
borrow all or any part of the principal or income of the Trust, directly
or indirectly, without adequate interest or security.

b\. No person, other than the Trustee acting in a fiduciary capacity,
shall have or exercise the power to vote or direct the voting of any
stock or other securities of the Trust, to control the investment(s) of
the Trust either by directing investments or reinvestments, or to
reacquire or exchange any property of the Trust by substituting other
property.

9\. [Protection of Beneficiary]{.underline}. The Beneficiary may not
sell, assign, transfer, or pledge (or in any other manner dispose of or
encumber) the Beneficiary\'s interest in any part of the Trust. The
interest of the Beneficiary shall not be subject to assignment,
anticipation, claims of creditors, or seizure by legal process. If the
Trustee believes that the Beneficiary\'s interest is threatened to be
diverted in any manner from the purposes of this Trust, the Trustee
shall withhold the income and principal from distribution, and shall
apply payment in the Trustee\'s discretion in such manner as the Trustee
believes shall contribute to the health, education, and support of the
Beneficiary. When the Trustee is satisfied that such diversion is no
longer effective or threatened, the Trustee may resume the distributions
of income and principal as authorized.

10\. [Trustee Powers]{.underline}. Subject to the other provisions of
this Agreement, and in addition to any other powers and authority
granted by law or necessary or appropriate for proper administration of
this Trust, the Trustee (and any successor trustee) shall have the
following rights, powers, and authority, without order of court and
without notice to anyone.

a\. [Receive Assets]{.underline}. To receive, hold, maintain,
administer, collect, invest and re-invest any trust assets, and collect
and apply the income, profits, and principal of the trust in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

b\. [Receive Additional Assets]{.underline}. To receive additional
assets from other persons and sources including assets by testamentary
disposition; all such additional assets shall be held and administered
under, and be subject to, the terms of this Agreement.

c\. [Retain Assets]{.underline}. To retain any asset, including
uninvested cash or original investments, regardless of whether it is of
the kind authorized by this Agreement for investment and whether it
leaves a disproportionately large part of the Trust invested in one type
of property, for as long as the Trustee deems advisable.

d\. [Dispose of or Encumber Assets]{.underline}. To sell, option,
mortgage, pledge, lease or convey real or personal property, publicly or
privately, upon such terms and conditions as may appear to be proper,
and to execute all instruments necessary to effect such authority.

e\. [Settle Claims]{.underline}. To compromise, settle, or abandon
claims in favor of or against the Trust.

f\. [Manage Property]{.underline}. To manage real estate and personal
property, borrow money, exercise options, buy insurance, and register
securities as may appear to be proper.

g\. [Allocate Between Principal and Income]{.underline}. To make
allocations of charges and credits between principal and income as in
the sole discretion of the Trustee may appear to be proper, and to
create reserves for taxes, depreciation, and other lawful purposes.

h\. [Employ Professional Assistance]{.underline}. To employ and
compensate legal counsel and other persons deemed necessary for proper
administration, and to delegate authority when such delegation is
advantageous to the Trust.

i\. [Distribute Property]{.underline}. To make division or distribution
in money or kind, or partly in either, at values to be determined by the
Trustee, and the Trustee\'s judgment shall be binding upon all
interested parties.

j\. [Enter Contracts]{.underline}. To bind the Trust by contracts or
agreements without assuming individual liability for such contracts.

k\. [Exercise Stock Ownership Rights]{.underline}. To vote, execute
proxies to vote, join in or oppose any plans for reorganization, and
exercise any other rights incident to the ownership of any stocks,
bonds, or other properties of the Trust.

l\. [Duration of Powers]{.underline}. To continue to exercise the powers
provided under this Trust notwithstanding the termination of the Trust
until all of the assets of the Trust have been distributed.

m\. [Compensation and Expenses]{.underline}. To receive reasonable
compensation for trustee services provided under this Agreement and be
exonerated from and to pay all reasonable expenses and charges of the
Trust.

n\. [Standard of Care]{.underline}. To acquire, invest, reinvest,
exchange, retain, sell, and manage trust assets, exercising the judgment
and care, under the circumstances then prevailing, that persons of
prudence, discretion, and intelligence exercise in the management of
their own affairs, not in regard to speculation but in regard to the
permanent disposition of their funds, considering the probable income as
well as the probable safety of their capital. Within the limitations of
that standard, the Trustee is authorized to acquire and retain every
kind of property, real, personal or mixed, and every kind of investment,
specifically including, but not by a way of limitation, bonds, mutual
funds, debentures and other corporate obligations, and stocks, preferred
or common, that persons of prudence, discretion, and intelligence
acquire or retain for their own account.

o\. [Methods of Distribution]{.underline}. To make payments to or for
the benefit of the Beneficiary (including the possibility that the
Beneficiary might be under a legal disability) in any of the following
ways: (a) directly to the Beneficiary; (b) directly for the health,
education, and support of the Beneficiary; (c) to the legal or natural
guardian of the Beneficiary; or (d) to anyone who at the time shall have
custody and care of the person of the Beneficiary. The Trustee shall not
be obligated to see the application of the funds so paid, but the
receipt of the person to whom the funds were paid shall be full
acquittance of the Trustee.

p\. [Loans]{.underline}. To make loans to the Beneficiary for housing
and support needs, educational purposes, or to take advantage of an
exceptional business opportunity.

11\. [Trustee Provisions]{.underline}. These additional provisions shall
apply regarding the Trustee (and any successor Trustee).

a\. [Successor Trustee]{.underline}. If at any time a Trustee cannot
serve because of the Trustee\'s disability (as previously defined),
death, resignation, or other reason, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_is
appointed as the successor Trustee. If such appointee is unable to serve
for any reason, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is appointed as the
alternate successor Trustee.

b\. [Financial Reports]{.underline}. The Trustee shall provide financial
reports to the Grantor on at least an annual basis as long as the
Grantor is living. After such time, financial reports shall be provided
at least annually to the Beneficiary. If the Beneficiary is under any
legal incapacity, the financial reports shall be provided to the
Beneficiary\'s guardian (natural or otherwise) or conservator. Financial
reports shall include a balance sheet that lists the assets and their
values, an income statement that shows income and expenses, and a
listing of distributions on behalf of the Beneficiary.

c\. [No Bond]{.underline}. No bond shall be required of any Trustee,
unless required by law.

d\. [Institutional Trustee]{.underline}. Any institutional trustee
serving under this Trust must have a total capital account of at least
fifteen million dollars, have an established Trust Department or Trust
Division, and must be qualified to act as a trustee under the laws of
the United States or any state of the United States. The acceptance of
trusteeship by any institutional trustee is full evidence of its
agreement to these provisions.

e\. [Liability of the Trustee]{.underline}. The Trustee shall have
liability only for the Trustee\'s acts and omissions that are made in
bad faith. Further, a successor Trustee shall not be liable for any acts
or omissions of any prior Trustee.

12\. [Non-Court Trust]{.underline}. Unless required otherwise by law,
the Trustee shall administer this Trust as a non-court trust, without
the necessity of notice to or approval of any court or person. As
provided by law, the Trustee may petition a court to take jurisdiction
over this Trust.

13\. [Governing Law]{.underline}. This Agreement shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Grantor

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Trustee

STATE OF \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

COUNTY OF

This Trust instrument was acknowledged before me on this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_
day of \_\_\_\_\_\_, 20\_\_.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public

My Commission expires:

College Education Trust

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a standard format
for an educational trust. Add and modify as you see fit. The trust ends
at 25, not 21. Consider whether you believe this appropriate for your
circumstances.

1\. Make multiple copies. Give one to each relevant party. Keep one with
the transaction file.
