Letter Requesting Transfer to Trust

Dear Sir or Madam:

This is to inform you that I intend to transfer the property described
herein to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Trust"). This Trust is a
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_Trust. The undersigned is the
Grantor and sole beneficiary.

Please acknowledge receipt of this letter and confirm that the intended
transfer will not cause any undue adverse effect. Please indicate your
consent to the above transfer without any negative effect by signing and
dating the enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to me in the
enclosed envelope.

If* *I do not receive your reply objecting to the proposed transfer
within thirty days from the above date, I will assume that you consent
to the transfer and that there will not be an adverse effect from this
transfer.

If you need me to fill out forms for your organization, please forward
them to me at the address on this letterhead and I will do so
immediately.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Grantor

Date:

Acknowledgment: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Enc. Second copy of letter for signature; self-addressed stamped
envelope for return.

Letter Requesting Transfer to Trust

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Adapt this letter to fit the
circumstances of the various parties you must contact to collect your
assets, have them properly transferred to your new trust, and be
prepared to follow-up diligently to be sure all of the paperwork is in
order. This is a serious and extended task. Do not enter into it lightly
or expect it to go smoothly. You have just entered administrative
hell\....

1.  Set up a file for follow-up on all of these transactions. Keep
    separate copies in each specific transaction file but also in the
    general file.

2.  Follow-up by phone within 14 days of sending out each letter, if you
    have not heard back.

3.  If you decide to revoke your Trust at any time, use the same
    approach in reverse.
