Living Trust

This Living Trust Agreement (\"Agreement\"), dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(\"Grantor\" or \"Beneficiary\") of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Trustee\").

In consideration of the mutual covenants and promises set forth in this
Agreement, Grantor and Trustee agree as follows:

1\. [PURPOSE]{.underline}. The purpose of this Agreement is to establish
a Trust to receive and manage assets for the benefit of Grantor during
Grantor\'s lifetime, and to further manage and distribute the assets of
Trust upon the death of Grantor.

2\. [FUNDING OF TRUST]{.underline}. This Trust shall be funded with
assets transferred to this Trust by Grantor at the time of creating this
Trust, or at any later time. During the lifetime of Grantor, any
interest in community property transferred into or out of this Trust
shall retain its original character and such property shall not be
commingled. This Trust may also receive property from any person or
entity that is acting under the authority granted to that person or
entity by Grantor. It is also expected that this Trust may receive
assets pursuant to the terms of Grantor\'s Last Will and Testament.

3\. [MANAGEMENT OF TRUST ASSETS]{.underline}. Trustee shall manage and
distribute Trust assets for the benefit of Grantor and Grantor\'s
successor(s) in interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

4\. [PAYMENTS DURING GRANTOR'S LIFETIME]{.underline}. During Grantor\'s
lifetime, Trustee shall pay all of the net income of this Trust, and
also such sums from principal as Grantor may request at any time in
writing, to or for the benefit of Grantor, or as Grantor may designate.
Such payments shall be made at least every \_\_ days. Grantor may change
the amount of the payments at any time by providing written notice to
Trustee. Any excess income shall be added to principal at the discretion
of the Trustee.

A. [Payments During a \"Disability\" of Grantor]{.underline}. During any
period that Grantor has a \"disability\", Trustee may pay to or for the
benefit of Grantor such amounts of income and principal as Trustee
believes in Trustee\'s sole discretion to be required for (i) Grantor\'s
support, comfort and welfare, (ii) Grantor\'s accustomed manner of
living, or (iii) any purpose that Trustee believes to be in the best
interest of Grantor.

B. [Disability Defined For the purposes of this Trust]{.underline}.
\"Disability\" shall mean a legal disability or the inability to provide
prompt and intelligent consideration to financial matters by reason of
illness or mental or physical disability. The determination of whether
Grantor has a disability shall be made by Grantor\'s most recent
attending physician. Trustee shall be entitled to rely on written notice
of that determination.

5\. [DEATH OF GRANTOR]{.underline}. Upon the death of Grantor, and after
the payment of Grantor\'s just debts, funeral expenses, and expenses of
last illness, the following distributions shall be made:

A. [Specific Distributions]{.underline}. The following specific
distributions shall be made from the assets of the Trust. However, such
distributions (other than distributions, if any, to Grantor\'s spouse)
shall be made only if the Grantor\'s spouse does not survive Grantor.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
shall be distributed to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. If
this beneficiary does not survive Grantor and Grantor's spouse, this
bequest shall be distributed with the residuary assets of this Trust.

B. [Tangible Personal Property]{.underline}. Upon the death of Grantor
and subject to the preceding provisions of this Trust, all clothing,
jewelry, automobiles, household furniture and furnishings, recreational
equipment, all personal effects used by Grantor about Grantor\'s person
or home, and other items of tangible personal property shall be
distributed to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. If this person does not survive
Grantor, the tangible personal property shall be distributed to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. If this
person does not survive Grantor and Grantor's spouse, the tangible
personal property shall be distributed with the residuary assets of this
Trust.

C. [Residuary Assets]{.underline}. The residuary assets of this Trust
shall be distributed to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. If such beneficiary does
not survive Grantor and Grantor's Spouse, the residuary assets shall be
distributed to the following beneficiaries in the percentages as shown:
\_\_% to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_;
\_\_% to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and \_\_% to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. If any
of these people do not survive Grantor and Grantor's spouse, this share
shall be distributed proportionately to the other distributee(s) listed
under this provision.

6\. [TRUSTEE POWERS]{.underline}. Trustee, in addition to other powers
and authority granted by law or necessary or appropriate for proper
administration of Trust, shall have the following rights, powers, and
authority without order of court and without notice to anyone:

A. [Receive Assets]{.underline}. To receive, hold, maintain, administer,
collect, invest ant re-invest the trust assets, and collect and apply
the income, profits, and principal of the Trust in accordance with the
terms of this instrument.

B. [Receive Additional Assets]{.underline}. To receive additional assets
from other sources including assets received under the Will of Grantor
or any other person.

C [Standard of Care]{.underline}. To acquire, invest, reinvest,
exchange, retain, sell, and mortgage estate and trust assets, exercising
the judgment and care, under the circumstances then prevailing, that
persons of prudence, discretion and intelligence exercise in the
management of their own affairs, not in regard to speculation but in
regard to the permanent disposition their funds, considering the
probable income as well as the probable safety of their capital. Within
the limitations of that standard, Trustee is authorized to acquire and
retain every kind of property, real, personal or mixed, and every kind
of investment, specifically including, but not by way of limitation,
bonds, debentures and other corporate obligation, and stocks, preferred
or common, that persons of prudence, discretion and intelligence acquire
or retain for their own account, even though not otherwise a legal
investment for trust funds under the laws and statutes of the United
States or the state under which this instrument is administered.

D. [Retain Assets]{.underline}. To retain any asset, including
uninvested cash or original investments, regardless of whether it is of
the kind authorized by this instrument for investment and whether it
leaves a disproportionately large part of the estate or trust invested
in one type of property, for as long as the Trustee deems advisable.

E. [Dispose of or Encumber Assets]{.underline}. To sell, option,
mortgage, pledge, lease or convey real or personal property, publicly or
privately, upon such terms and conditions as may appear to be proper,
and to execute all instruments necessary to effect such authority.

F. [Settle Claims]{.underline}. To compromise, settle, or abandon claims
in favor of or against Trust.

G. [Manage Property]{.underline}. To manage real estate and personal
property, borrow money, exercise options, buy insurance, and register
securities as may appear to be proper.

H. [Allocate Between Principal and Income]{.underline}. To make
allocations of charges and credits as between principal and income as in
the sole discretion of the Trustee may appear to be proper.

I. [Employ Professional Assistance]{.underline}. To employ and
compensate counsel and other persons deemed necessary for proper
administration and to delegate authority when such delegation is
advantageous to the trust.

J. [Distribute Property]{.underline}. To make division or distribution
in money or kind, or partly in either including disproportionate in-kind
distributions, at values to be determined by Trustee, and Trustee\'s
judgment shall be binding upon all interested parties.

K. [Enter Contracts]{.underline}. To bind the Trust by contracts or
agreements without assuming individual liability for such contracts.

L. [Exercise Stock Ownership Rights]{.underline}. To vote, execute
proxies to vote, join in or oppose any plans for reorganization, and
exercise any other rights incident to the ownership of any stocks, bonds
or other properties of Trust.

M. [Duration of powers]{.underline}. To continue to exercise the powers
provided in this Agreement after the termination of Trust until all the
assets of Trust have been distributed.

N. [Hold Trust Assets as a Single Fund]{.underline}. To hold the assets
of Trust, shares, or portions of Trust created by this instrument as a
single fund for joint investment and management, without the need for
physical segregation, dividing the income proportionately among them.
Segregation of the various trust shares need only be made on the books
of Trustee for accounting purposes.

0\. [Compensation]{.underline}. To receive reasonable compensation for
Trustee\'s services under this

Agreement and be exonerated from and to pay all reasonable expenses and
charges of Trust.

P. [Loans to Beneficiaries]{.underline}. To make loans to any trust
beneficiary for the purpose of providing the beneficiary with the funds
necessary to take advantage of exceptional business opportunities or to
provide for the needs of the beneficiaries and their families.

Q. [Methods of Distribution]{.underline}. To make payments to or for the
benefit of any beneficiary (specifically including any beneficiary under
any legal disability) in any of the following ways: (a) directly to the
beneficiary, (b) directly for the maintenance, welfare and education of
the beneficiary, (c) to the legal or natural guardian of the
beneficiary, or, (d) to anyone who at the time shall have custody and
care of the person of the beneficiary. Trustee shall not be obliged to
see to the application of the funds so paid, but the receipt of the
person to whom the funds were paid shall be full acquittance of Trustee.

7\. [ADDITIONAL TRUSTEE PROVISIONS]{.underline}. These additional
provisions shall apply regarding Trustee:

A. [Grantor as Trustee]{.underline}. If at any time Grantor is Trustee,
Grantor may appoint a successor Trustee, to become effective immediately
or upon any stated contingency, by making such designation in writing.
Such designee shall become the successor Trustee upon acceptance of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

B. [Successor Trustee]{.underline}. If at any time a Trustee cannot
serve because of the Trustee\'s disability (as previously defined),
death, or other reason, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is designated as the successor Trustee, without
bond. If such designee(s) is/are unable to serve for any reason,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is
designated as the alternate successor Trustee, without bond. Such
designee(s) shall become the successor Trustee(s) upon acceptance of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

C. [Resignation of Trustee]{.underline}. Any Trustee may resign by
giving written notice to the beneficiaries to whom income could then be
distributed. Such resignation shall take effect on such date specified
in the notice, but not earlier than thirty (30) days after the date of
delivery of such written resignation unless an earlier effective date
shall be agreed to by the income beneficiaries.

D. [Adult Beneficiary Rights]{.underline}. If Trustee resigns or for any
reason ceases to serve as Trustee, and if the successor Trustee(s)
designated by the Grantor, if any, fail or cease to serve as Trustee,
then the adult beneficiaries to whom income could then be distributed,
together with the adult beneficiaries to whom principal would be
distributed if the Trust were then to terminate, may by majority action
in writing appoint a successor Trustee. If agreement of a majority of
the beneficiaries cannot be obtained within sixty (60) days, a successor
Trustee shall be appointed by the court having general jurisdiction of
the Trust. Any successor Trustee appointed shall have all the rights
conferred upon the original Trustee and shall be bound by the provisions
of this Trust.

E. [Accounting]{.underline}. Trustee shall provide an accounting to the
Beneficiary (or beneficiaries) on at least a quarterly basis. If a
beneficiary has a \"disability\", Trustee shall provide the accounting
to a guardian or conservator, if any.

F. [Bond]{.underline}. No bond shall be required of any Trustee.

8\. [RIGHT TO DIRECT INVESTMENTS]{.underline}. At any time that Trust
has investments, and provided that Grantor does not have a
\"disability\", Grantor may direct any Trustee to purchase, sell, or
retain any trust investment.

9\. [REVOCATION OR AMENDMENT]{.underline}. During Grantor\'s lifetime,
Grantor may revoke at any time, and/or the Grantor may amend, this
Agreement by delivering to Trustee an appropriate written revocation or
amendment, signed by Grantor. If Trustee consents, the powers of
revocation, but not the power of amendment, may be exercised by a duly
appointed and acting attorney-in-fact for Grantor for the purpose of
withdrawing assets from Trust.

10\. [GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}. This Agreement shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

11\. [PERPETUITIES SAVINGS CLAUSE]{.underline}. Despite any other
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, trust created by this
Agreement shall terminate no later than 21 years after the death of the
last surviving beneficiary of this Agreement who is living at the time
of the death of Grantor.

12\. [SEVERABILITY]{.underline}. If any portion of this Agreement shall
be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining
provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable. If a court finds
that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but
that by limiting such provision it would become valid and enforceable,
then such provision shall be deemed to be written, construed, and
enforced as so limited.

13\. [MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS]{.underline}.

A. [Paragraph Titles and Gender]{.underline}. The titles given to the
paragraphs of this Trust are inserted for reference purposes only and
are not to be considered as forming a part of this Trust in interpreting
its provisions. All words used in this Trust in any gender shall extend
to and include all genders, and any singular words shall include the
plural expression, and vice versa, specifically including \"child\" and
\"children\", when the context or facts so require, and any pronouns
shall be taken to refer to the person or persons intended regardless of
gender or number.

B. [Thirty Day Survival Requirement]{.underline}. For the purposes of
determining the appropriate distributions under this Trust, no person or
organization shall be deemed to have survived Grantor, unless such
person or entity is also surviving (or in existence) on the thirtieth
day after the date of the Grantor\'s death.

C. [Common Disaster]{.underline}. If Grantor and Grantor\'s spouse die
under circumstances such that there is no clear or convincing evidence
as to the order of their deaths, or if it is difficult or impractical to
determine which person survived the death of the other person, it shall,
for the purpose of distribution of Grantor\'s life insurance, property
passing under any will or other contracts, if any, and property passing
under this Trust, be conclusively presumed that Grantor predeceased the
death of Grantor\'s spouse, and notwithstanding any other provision of
this Trust, Grantor\'s spouse (or Grantor\'s spouse\'s estate as the
case may be) shall receive the distribution to which Grantor\'s spouse
would otherwise be entitled to receive without regard to a survivorship
requirement, if any.

D. [Liability of Fiduciary]{.underline}. No fiduciary who is a natural
person shall, in the absence of fraudulent conduct or bad faith, be
liable individually to any beneficiary of Grantor\'s trust estate, and
Grantor\'s trust estate shall indemnify such natural person from any and
all claims or expenses in connection with or arising out of that
fiduciary\'s good faith actions or nonactions of the fiduciary, except
for such actions or nonactions which constitute fraudulent conduct or
bad faith. No successor trustee shall be obliged to inquire into or be
in any way accountable for the previous administration of the trust
property.

E. [Spouse]{.underline}. Grantor is married to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
and all references in this Trust to \"Grantor\'s spouse\" are references
to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

F. [Children]{.underline}. The names of Grantor\'s children are:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

All references in this Trust to \" Grantor\'s child\" or \" Grantor\'s
children\" include the above child or children, and any other children
born to or adopted by the Grantor after the signing of this Trust.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Grantor

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Trustee

STATE OF \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

COUNTY OF \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

On this \_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_, 20\_\_, before me personally appeared
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, known to me to be the person described
in and who executed the foregoing instrument as Trustee and acknowledged
that he/she executed the same (in his/her authorized capacity) as
his/her free act and deed.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public

My Commission Expires on:

Living Trust

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a straightforward
Living Trust which can be modified as you see fit. Your first action
after setting it up is to transfer assets to it.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep a copy in
    your home safe and another with the transaction file.

2.  You can make this a Joint Living Trust by changing the language
    accordingly, to include your spouse.

3.  You still need to make a will for many reasons, not the least of
    which is not all of your assets will be transferred into the trust,
    as a rule.

4.  Remember to initial each page.
