# Nominee Agreement

This Agreement was made on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Nominee\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the \"Owner\").

Whereas Owner is the sole beneficial owner of the land described in
Exhibit 1 to this Agreement, including all buildings and other fixed
improvements thereon and all interests therein and rights appurtenant
thereto;

AND it has been agreed between Nominee and Owner, at the request of
Owner and as a matter of convenience, that for the time being the said
land will be registered in the name of Nominee and that Nominee shall
hold, as nominee for Owner on the terms and subject to the conditions
hereinafter set forth, the said land and all related rights and
interests (including without limitation those under agreements and other
documents such as mortgages, charges, easements, leases, licenses and
by-laws) that Owner may from time to time assign to Nominee (such land
and related rights and interest are collectively called the \"Real
Property\"), Nominee having itself no beneficial interest in the Real
Property;

NOW in consideration of these premises and the mutual covenants,
conditions and agreements herein contained, and for other good and
valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged), the parties hereto hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1\. Nominee hereby acknowledges, declares, covenants and agrees that:

\(a\) Nominee will hold, as and from the date hereof, the Real Property,
and all right, title and interest therein and benefit to be derived
therefrom, as nominee for and on behalf of the Owner;

\(b\) Nominee otherwise has no legal or beneficial interest in the Real
Property; and

\(c\) All other attributes of the beneficial ownership of the Real
Property shall be and remain in Owner.

2\. Nominee covenants and agrees, subject to the indemnity hereinafter
provided, that it shall at all times and from time to time deal with the
Real Property as nominee for Owner only in accordance with the written
or verbal instructions and directions of Owner and not otherwise; and
that it will do no act relating to the Real Property without the express
authorization and direction of Owner, and that it has no active or
independent duties to perform in respect of the Real Property except as
may be specifically provided for herein.

3\. Nominee shall enter into, and execute and deliver as nominee for
Owner only, all such instruments, including, without limitation, all
such documents, assignments, deeds, transfers, leases, subleases,
assignments and surrenders of leases, mortgages, charges, hypothecs,
servitudes, easements, licenses, privileges, management contracts,
personal property security contracts and other agreements, (collectively
called \"instruments\') as may from time to time be requested by Owner
in connection with the Real Property, including without limiting the
generality of the foregoing a conveyance and transfer in registrable
and/or other form(s) of all right, title and interest of Nominee in the
Real Property.

4\. Nominee acknowledges, declares, covenants and agrees that all rents,
profits, emoluments and other receipts and revenues of any nature or
kind arising from the Real Property or the use thereof shall belong
legally and beneficially to Owner, and that Nominee has no legal or
beneficial interest in such rents, profits, emoluments and other
receipts and revenues. Nominee shall, subject to the rights of any
mortgagee or other secured creditor, promptly remit to Owner all rents,
profits, emoluments and other receipt and revenues of any nature or kind
arising from the Real Property, which may be received by Nominee as
nominal party to any instrument. Nominee shall incur no liability to any
person for making any such remittance as directed in any notice from any
such mortgagee or other secured creditor, or, in the absence of such
notice, pursuant to a direction from Owner. Nominee shall, at the
request and expense of Owner, account to Owner for all sums received
with respect to the Real Property.

5\. Nominee shall promptly deliver to Owner all instruments with respect
to the Real Property, together with all recording information relative
thereto, to the extent that Nominee may come into possession of any
thereof.

6\. Nominee shall promptly transmit to Owner copies of all notices,
claims, demands or other communications, which Nominee may receive and
which relate in any way to the Real Property. Nominee, upon the request
of Owner, shall be a nominal party to any action in response to or as a
consequence of any such matter. Any such action, proceeding, negotiation
or other response shall be conducted by Owner, with counsel selected by
him, and Nominee shall not, nor shall it be obligated to, take any such
action itself, its only obligation being that of a nominal party thereto
subject to the indemnity hereinafter provided.

7\. Owner acknowledges, declares, covenants and agrees that he shall be
responsible for all encumbrances, charges, costs, expenses, losses,
damages, claims, demands and liabilities in any way connected with or
related to the Real Property (collectively called \"expenses\"), that
Nominee has no active duties to perform in connection with the Real
Property, and that all obligations (including any mortgage obligations),
responsibilities, acts or omissions pertaining to the Real Property
shall be the responsibility of and shall be performed or omitted to be
performed by Owner.

8\. Owner hereby releases Nominee from any and all liability that
Nominee may incur in respect of any action taken by Nominee either
pursuant to the authorization or direction of Owner or pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement. Owner shall indemnify and hold Nominee harmless
from all liabilities of whatsoever kind and character that may arise out
of any act or omission by Nominee pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement and from the said expenses, obligations and responsibilities
during the entire period of time that the Real Property is vested in
Nominee pursuant to this Agreement.

9\. It is understood and agreed between the parties hereto that the
relationship between them shall be that of principal and bare nominee
only, that there is no intention to create a relationship of
partnership, or agency between Owner and Nominee, and that this
Agreement should not be construed to create any trust, association or
joint venture between Owner and Nominee.

10\. Each of the parties hereto covenants that it will from time to time
as may be deemed necessary and requisite do all such acts and effect
such further and other assurances as may be reasonable necessary or
desirable to effect and carry out the true intent and purpose of this
Agreement.

11\. This is the entirety of the Agreement. No changes can be made
except in writing and signed by both parties. This Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

12\. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first

written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Owner Nominee

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Witness

Exhibit 1 Attached

Nominee Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. The purpose of this document
is to be sure a nominee, or really a "straw" in the vernacular, remains
just that. It is very much in the owner's interest to do this document
even with the best of friends who, on occasion, can become not the best
of friends.

1.  Make multiple copies. Give one to each signatory. Keep one with the
    transaction file.
