Trust Declaration, Stocks

This Trust Declaration made as of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by
and between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Trustee\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Beneficiary\").

Whereas the Trustee is the registered owner of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
shares (\"Shares\") of the corporation (\"Corporation\"); and the Shares
are to be held by the Trustee as trustee and nominee for the
Beneficiary;

Therefore this Declaration of Trust witnesses as follows:

I. The Trustee hereby declares that he or she holds the Shares and all
dividends and interest accrued or to be accrued upon the same upon trust
for the Beneficiary and agrees to transfer the Shares as directed by the
Beneficiary or otherwise deal with the Shares and the dividends and
interest payable in respect of the same in such manner as the
Beneficiary shall from time to time direct.

2\. The Trustee covenants and agrees that he or she shall at all times,
exercise all voting rights in connection with the Shares and otherwise
deal with the Shares as nominee for the Beneficiary only and in
accordance with the instructions of the Beneficiary.

3\. The Trustee shall enter into,** **execute and deliver as nominee for
the Beneficiary only, all such documents, instruments and other
agreements as may from time to time be requested by the Beneficiary in
connection with the Shares.

4\. The Trustee shall, at the request and expense of the Beneficiary,
account to the Beneficiary for all sums received with respect to the
Shares.

*5.* The Trustee shall promptly transmit to the Beneficiary all notices,
claims, demands or other communications which the Trustee receives
relating to the Shares, including notices of shareholder meetings.

6\. The Beneficiary hereby releases the Trustee from any and all
liability that the Trustee may incur in respect of any action taken by
the Trustee either pursuant to the authorization or direction of the
Beneficiary or pursuant to the terms of this Declaration of Trust. The
Beneficiary shall indemnify and hold the Trustee harmless from all
liabilities of any kind and character that may arise out of any act or
omission by the Trustee pursuant to the terms of this Declaration of
Trust.

7\. This Declaration of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors,
successors and assigns.

8\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Trustee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Beneficiary:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

9\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

10\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

11\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

12\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

13\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Trustee Beneficiary

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness One Witness Two, Preferably a

Notary

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Three

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Trust Declaration, Stocks

Review List

The review list is provided to inform you about the document in question
and assist you in its preparation. Trust Declarations give you
protection from the attachment of assets held personally in your name.
They are useful both for this legal purpose and the financial one that
it makes it all the tougher for an opposing attorney to pierce the trust
veil, so to speak, if that is possible. Therefore, an opposing attorney
is more apt to stop pursuit of you if your assets are held in trust and
therefore harder, if not impossible, to attach with a judgment. Hence
comes the term "Judgment Proof." Sweet music to the ears of those of us
who are not lawyers.

You should also obtain a resignation of trustee document, provided in
the trust area as well, and have it signed should you have a falling out
with your trustee at a later date. An ounce of prevention here can save
the proverbial pound of cure. More than a few people, including myself,
have been saved by this cautionary move. As the famous Mr. Dooley once
said, "Trust everyone, but cut the cards." Amen.

1.  Make sure you have two witnesses and a third to be absolutely safe
    in the trust area. You should have the agreement notarized, to be on
    the safe side.

2.  Make multiple copies and keep one with the specific transaction,
    another in your general financial agreements, and a third in your
    safe.
