**CODE OF ETHICS**

**\[COMPANY NAME\]**

\[COMPANY NAME\] will conduct its business honestly and ethically
wherever we operate in the world. We will constantly improve the quality
of our services, products and operations and will create a reputation
for honesty, fairness, respect, responsibility, integrity, trust and
sound business judgment. No illegal or unethical conduct on the part of
officers, directors, employees or affiliates is in the company's best
interest. \[COMPANY NAME\] will not compromise its principles for
short-term advantage. The ethical performance of this company is the sum
of the ethics of the men and women who work here. Thus, we are all
expected to adhere to high standards of personal integrity.

Officers, directors, and employees of the company must never permit
their personal interests to conflict, or appear to conflict, with the
interests of the company, its clients or affiliates. Officers, directors
and employees must be particularly careful to avoid representing
\[COMPANY NAME\] in any transaction with others with whom there is any
outside business affiliation or relationship. Officers, directors, and
employees shall avoid using their company contacts to advance their
private business or personal interests at the expense of the company,
its clients or affiliates.

No bribes, kickbacks or other similar remuneration or consideration
shall be given to any person or organization in order to attract or
influence business activity. Officers, directors and employees shall
avoid gifts, gratuities, fees, bonuses or excessive entertainment, in
order to attract or influence business activity.

Officers, directors and employees of \[COMPANY NAME\] will often come
into contact with, or have possession of, proprietary, confidential or
business-sensitive information and must take appropriate steps to assure
that such information is strictly safeguarded. This information --
whether it is on behalf of our company or any of our clients or
affiliates -- could include strategic business plans, operating results,
marketing strategies, customer lists, personnel records, upcoming
acquisitions and divestitures, new investments, and manufacturing costs,
processes and methods. Proprietary, confidential and sensitive business
information about this company, other companies, individuals and
entities should be treated with sensitivity and discretion and only be
disseminated on a need-to-know basis.

Misuse of material inside information in connection with trading in the
company's securities can expose an individual to civil liability and
penalties under the \[ACT\]. Under this Act, directors, officers, and
employees in possession of material information not available to the
public are "insiders." Spouses, friends, suppliers, brokers, and others
outside the company who may have acquired the information directly or
indirectly from a director, officer or employee are also "insiders." The
Act prohibits insiders from trading in, or recommending the sale or
purchase of, the company's securities, while such inside information is
regarded as "material", or if it is important enough to influence you or
any other person in the purchase or sale of securities of any company
with which we do business, which could be affected by the inside
information. The following guidelines should be followed in dealing with
inside information:

-   Until the material information has been publicly released by the
    company, an employee must not disclose it to anyone except those
    within the company whose positions require use of the information.

-   Employees must not buy or sell the company's securities when they
    have knowledge of material information concerning the company until
    it has been disclosed to the public and the public has had
    sufficient time to absorb the information.

-   Employees shall not buy or sell securities of another corporation,
    the value of which is likely to be affected by an action by the
    company of which the employee is aware and which has not been
    publicly disclosed.

Officers, directors and employees will seek to report all information
accurately and honestly, and as otherwise required by applicable
reporting requirements.

Officers, directors and employees will refrain from gathering competitor
intelligence by illegitimate means and refrain from acting on knowledge
which has been gathered in such a manner. The officers, directors and
employees of \[COMPANY NAME\] will seek to avoid exaggerating or
disparaging comparisons of the services and competence of their
competitors.

Officers, directors and employees will obey all Equal Employment
Opportunity laws and act with respect and responsibility towards others
in all of their dealings.

Officers, directors and employees will remain personally balanced so
that their personal life will not interfere with their ability to
deliver quality products or services to the company and its clients.

Officers, directors and employees agree to disclose unethical,
dishonest, fraudulent and illegal behavior, or the violation of company
policies and procedures, directly to management.

Violation of this Code of Ethics can result in discipline, including
possible termination. The degree of discipline relates in part to
whether there was a voluntary disclosure of any ethical violation and
whether or not the violator cooperated in any subsequent investigation.

Remember that good ethics is good business
