**TECHNOLOGY RESSOURCES USE POLICY**

**Policy restricting personal use of employer's computers and systems**

1.  **PURPOSE**

    a.  To remain competitive, better serve our customers and provide
        our employees with the best tools to do their jobs, \[COMPANY
        NAME\] ("the Company") makes available to our workforce access
        to one or more forms of electronic media and services, including
        but not limited to: computers, software, printers, copiers,
        files, databases, cellular phone, pager, e-mail, telephones,
        voicemail, fax machines, external electronic bulletin boards,
        wire services, online services, intranet, Internet and the World
        Wide Web.

    b.  \[COMPANY NAME\] encourages the use of these media and
        associated services because they can make communication more
        efficient and effective and because they are valuable sources of
        information about vendors, customers, technology, and new
        products and services. However, all employees and everyone
        connected with the organization should remember that electronic
        media and services provided by the company are company property
        and their purpose is to facilitate and support company business.
        All computer users have the responsibility to use these
        resources in a professional, ethical, and lawful manner.

    c.  To ensure that all employees are responsible, the following
        guidelines have been established for using e-mail and the
        Internet. No policy can lay down rules to cover every possible
        situation. Instead, it is designed to express \[COMPANY NAME\]
        philosophy and set forth general principles when using
        electronic media and services.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **AUTHORIZATION**

Access to the \[COMPANY NAME\] technology resources is within the sole
discretion of the Company. Generally, employees are given access to the
Company\'s various technologies based on their job functions. Only
employees whose job performance will benefit from the use of the
Company\'s technology resources will be given access to the necessary
technology. Additionally, employees must successfully complete
company-approved training before being given access to the \[COMPANY
NAME\] technology resources.

1.  **PROHIBITED COMMUNICATIONS**

Electronic media cannot be used for knowingly copying, transmitting,
retrieving, or storing any communication that is:

-   Engaged in for any purpose that is illegal or contrary to \[COMPANY
    NAME\] policy or in a manner contrary to the best interests of the
    Company, in any way that discloses confidential or proprietary
    information of the Company or third parties, or for personal or
    pecuniary gain; or

-   Protected by copyrights laws unless the employee has the author\'s
    permission or is accessing a single copy only for the employee\'s
    reference.

1.  **PROFESSIONAL CONSIDERATIONS**

It is important to maintain a proper spirit and tone to your
communications over the system. The following guidelines are suggested:

-   Make your communications positive, constructive, complete, factual.

-   Don't write when angry and edit before sending.

-   Be careful with humor -- they can't see you wink.

-   Always avoid sarcastic humor.

-   Never use all caps -- that is perceived as "SHOUTING!"

-   Avoid belaboring disagreements in e-mail -- there is a time for
    face-to-face meetings.

-   Always guide your recipient in responding by stating what you need
    and by when.

-   Pay attention to grammar and spelling, both to protect your own
    reputation and intelligence, and to avoid irritating your recipients
    who are distracted by careless mistakes.

1.  **PERSONAL USE**

The computers, electronic media and services provided by \[COMPANY
NAME\]* *are primarily for business use to assist employees in the
performance of their jobs. As long as personal use does not interfere
with the employee\'s duties, is not done for pecuniary gain, does not
conflict with the Company\'s business, and does not violate any Company
policy, occasional, or incidental use of electronic media (sending or
receiving) for personal, non-business purposes is understandable and
acceptable, and all such use should be done in a manner that does not
negatively affect the systems\' use for their business purposes.
However, employees are expected to demonstrate a sense of responsibility
and not abuse this privilege.

The Company assumes no liability for loss, damage, destruction,
alteration, disclosure, or misuse of any personal data or communications
transmitted over or stored on the Company\'s technology resources. The
Company accepts no responsibility or liability for the loss or
non‑delivery of any personal electronic mail or voicemail communications
or any personal data stored on any Company property. The Company
strongly discourages employees from storing any personal data on any of
the Company\'s technology resources.

1.  **ACCESS TO EMPLOYEE COMMUNICATIONS**

    a.  Generally, electronic information created and/or communicated by
        an employee using e-mail, word processing, utility programs,
        spreadsheets, voicemail, telephones, Internet and bulletin board
        system access, and similar electronic media is not reviewed by
        the company. However, the following conditions should be noted:

\[COMPANY NAME\] does routinely gather logs for most electronic
activities or monitor employee communications directly, be it:

i.  **Telephone Use and Voicemail:** Records are kept of all calls made
    from and to a given telephone extension. Although voicemail is
    password protected, an authorized administrator can reset the
    password and listen to voicemail messages.

ii. **Electronic Mail:** Electronic mail is backed‑up and archived.
    Although electronic mail is password protected, an authorized
    administrator can reset the password and read electronic mail.

iii. **Desktop Facsimile Use:** Copies of all facsimile transmissions
     sent and received are maintained in the facsimile server.

iv. **Document Use:** Each document stored on Company computers has a
    history, which shows which users have accessed the document for any
    purpose.

v.  **Internet Use:** Internet sites visited, the number of times
    visited, and the total time connected to each site is recorded and
    periodically monitored.

\[COMPANY NAME\] reserves the right, at its discretion and without
notice, to review any employee\'s electronic files and messages to the
extent necessary to ensure electronic media and services are being used
in compliance with the law, this policy and other company policies, or
to investigate misconduct, to locate information, or for any other
business purpose.

a.  Employees should understand, therefore, that they have no right of
    privacy with respect to any messages or information created or
    maintained on the Company\'s technology resources, including
    personal information or messages. Accordingly, if they have
    sensitive information to transmit, they should use other means.

All messages sent and received, including personal messages, and all
data and information stored on the Company\'s electronic‑mail system,
voicemail system, or computer systems are Company property regardless of
the content. As such, the Company reserves the right to access all of
its technology resources including its computers, voicemail, and
electronic‑mail systems, at any time, in its sole discretion.

Passwords do not confer any right of privacy upon any employee of the
Company. Employees are expected to maintain their passwords as
confidential. Employees must not share passwords and must not access
coworkers\' systems without express authorization.

Deleting or erasing information, documents, or messages maintained on
the Company\'s technology resources is, in most cases, ineffective. All
employees should understand that any information kept on the Company\'s
technology resources may be electronically recalled or recreated
regardless of whether it may have been \"deleted\" or \"erased\" by an
employee. Because the Company periodically backs‑up all files and
messages, and because of the way in which computers re‑use file storage
space, files and messages may exist that are thought to have been
deleted or erased. Therefore, employees who delete or erase information
or messages should not assume that such information or messages are
confidential.

1.  **THE INTERNET AND ON‑LINE SERVICES**

The Company provides authorized employees access to on‑line services
such as the Internet. The Company expects that employees will use these
services in a responsible way and for business‑related purposes only.
Under no circumstances are employees permitted to use the Company\'s
Technology Resources to access, download, or contribute to the
following:

-   gross, indecent, or sexually‑oriented materials;

-   sports sites;

-   job‑search sites;

-   entertainment sites;

-   gambling sites;

-   games, humor;

-   illegal drug‑oriented sites;

-   personal pages of individuals; and

-   politically‑oriented sites or sites devoted to influencing the
    course of legislation or public policy.

Additionally, employees must not sign \"guest books\" at Web sites or
post messages to Internet news groups or discussion groups at Web sites.
These actions will generate junk electronic mail and may expose the
Company to liability or unwanted attention because of comments that
employees may make. The Company strongly encourages employees who wish
to access the Internet for non‑work‑related activities to get their own
personal Internet access accounts.

1.  **PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE FORUMS**

    a.  Employees should remember that any messages or information sent
        on company-provided facilities to one or more individuals via an
        electronic network -- for example, Internet mailing lists,
        bulletin boards, and online services -- are statements
        identifiable and attributable to \[COMPANY NAME\].

    b.  \[COMPANY NAME\] recognizes that participation in some forums
        might be important to the performance of an employee\'s job. For
        instance, an employee might find the answer to a technical
        problem by consulting members of a news group devoted to the
        technical area.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SOFTWARE**

To prevent computer viruses from being transmitted through the
company\'s computer system, unauthorized downloading of any unauthorized
software is strictly prohibited. Only software registered through
\[COMPANY NAME\] may be downloaded. No employee may load any software on
the Company\'s computers, by any means of transmission, unless
authorized in advance by \[COMPANY NAME\]'s system administrator.

1.  **SECURITY/APPROPRIATE USE**

    a.  Employees must respect the confidentiality of other
        individuals\' electronic communications. Except in cases in
        which explicit authorization has been granted by company
        management, employees are prohibited from engaging in, or
        attempting to engage in:

-   Monitoring or intercepting the files or electronic communications of
    other employees or third parties;

-   Hacking or obtaining access to systems or accounts they are not
    authorized to use;

-   Using other people\'s log-ins or passwords; and

-   Breaching, testing, or monitoring computer or network security
    measures.

    a.  No e-mail or other electronic communications can be sent that
        attempt to hide the identity of the sender or represent the
        sender as someone else.

    b.  Electronic media and services should not be used in a manner
        that is likely to cause network congestion or significantly
        hamper the ability of other people to access and use the system.

    c.  Anyone obtaining electronic assess to other companies\' or
        individuals\' materials must respect all copyrights and cannot
        copy, retrieve, modify or forward copyrighted materials except
        as permitted by the copyright owner.

    d.  The Company has installed a variety of programs and devices to
        ensure the safety and security of the Company\'s technology
        resources. Any employee found tampering or disabling any of the
        Company\'s security devices will be subject to discipline up to
        and including termination.

1.  **ENCRYPTION**

Employees can use encryption software supplied to them by the systems
administrator for purposes of safeguarding sensitive or confidential
business information. Employees who use encryption on files stored on a
company computer must provide their supervisor with a sealed hard copy
record (to be retained in a secure location) of all of the passwords
and/or encryption keys necessary to access the files.

1.  **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

The Company is very sensitive to the issue of protection of trade
secrets and other confidential and proprietary information of both the
Company and third parties (\"Confidential Information\"). Therefore,
employees are expected to use good judgment and to adhere to the highest
ethical standards when using or transmitting Confidential Information on
the Company\'s technology resources.

Confidential Information should not be accessed through the Company\'s
technology resources in the presence of unauthorized individuals.
Similarly, Confidential Informa­tion should not be left visible or
unattended. Moreover, any Confidential Information transmitted via
technology resources should be marked with the following confidentiality
legend:

\"This message contains confidential information. Unless you are the
addressee (or authorized to receive for the addressee), you may not
copy, use, or distribute this information. If you have received this
message in error, please advise \[EMPLOYEE\'S NAME\] immediately at
\[EMPLOYEE\'S TELEPHONE NUMBER\] or return it promptly by mail.\"

1.  **VIOLATIONS**

Any employee who abuses the privilege of their access to e-mail or the
Internet in violation of this policy will be subject to corrective
action, including possible termination of employment, legal action, and
criminal liability.

1.  **PROCEDURES**

Procedures for accessing the Voicemail, E-mail and Internet system, as
well as the guidelines for how to properly send and retain information,
may be obtained by contacting \[NAME OF THE SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR\].

The Voicemail/E-mail/Internet policies and procedures should be reviewed
by each employee on a semi-annual basis.

Questions concerning the use of the Voicemail/E-mail/Internet system
should be directed to the systems administrator. Questions concerning
the improper use of the system should be directed to the employee's
immediate supervisor, and if not satisfied with the response, to the
systems administrator.

1.  **EMPLOYEE AGREEMENT ON USE OF E-MAIL AND THE INTERNET**

I have read, understand, and agree to comply with the foregoing
policies, rules, and conditions governing the use of the Company\'s
computer and telecommunications equipment and services. I understand
that I have no expectation of privacy when I use any of the
telecommunication equipment or services. I am aware that violations of
this guideline on appropriate use of the e-mail and Internet systems may
subject me to disciplinary action, including termination from
employment, legal action and criminal liability. I further understand
that my use of the e-mail and Internet may reflect on the image of
\[COMPANY NAME\] to our customers, competitors and suppliers and that I
have responsibility to maintain a positive representation of the
company. Furthermore, I understand that this policy can be amended at
any time.

DATED: [ ]{.underline}

EMPLOYEE COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
