## LONG-TERM DISABILITY PLAN

1.  **INTRODUCTION**

If you are unable to work due to illness or accidental injury that lasts
longer than \[NUMBER\] consecutive days, you may be entitled to benefits
under the \[COMPANY NAME\]Long-Term Disability (LTD) Plan.

Established \[DATE\], the Plan covers eligible employees of \[COMPANY
NAME\].

In a nutshell: Qualifying employees who are totally disabled receive a
benefit equal to \[%\] of basic monthly compensation as defined in the
Plan. Benefits may continue for up to \[NUMBER\] months if you are
certified totally disabled and are unable to perform the duties of your
regular job. Benefits may continue for longer than \[NUMBER\] months if
you continue to be certified disabled and are unable to do any work
consistent with your education and training.

This is a summary plan description. These regulations require that the
rights, benefits, and limitations of a welfare plan be explained in
ordinary, non-technical language capable of being understood by the
average plan participant. This is, by its nature, a summary. If there is
any conflict between this summary and the complete Plan and related
trust agreement, the provisions of the Plan document and trust agreement
will be controlling.

Copies of the LTD Plan document are available from \[NAME OF PERSON WHO
KEEPS THE LTD POLICY, IF THIS IS APPLICABLE\].

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Active work, actively at work, active employment**

A Plan participant's attendance in person at his or her usual and
customary place of work, acting in the full-time performance of the
duties of his or her occupation for wages or profit. This includes
company-authorized vacation or personal leave.

a.  **Claims administrator**

The organization or person who is at any particular time processing
claims for benefits and fulfilling other specified duties of the Claims
Administrator under the Plan.

a.  **Participant**

Any employee becoming covered under the terms and provisions of the
Plan. Each active employee of \[COMPANY NAME\]who has completed one year
of service and who is a participant in \[COMPANY NAME\]'s pension plan.
For \[COMPANY NAME\], the term includes all active, regular employees
who have completed one year of service and are participants in \[COMPANY
NAME\]'s pension plan, and all full-time hourly and part-time hourly
employees who have \[NUMBER\] years' service in \[COMPANY NAME\]'s
pension plan.

a.  **Employee**

Each active employee of an employer, including, in the case of \[COMPANY
NAME\], all active full-time hourly and part-time hourly employees.

a.  **Employer**

\[COMPANY NAME\].

a.  **First day of long-Term disability**

The first day after a \[NUMBER\]-consecutive-day period in which the
Participant is unable to perform the material duties of his or her
occupation solely because of sickness or accidental injury.

a.  **First day of total disability**

The first day on which the Participant is unable to perform the material
duties of his or her occupation solely because of sickness or accidental
injury.

a.  **Physician**

Any person (other than the Participant or his spouse, child, brother,
sister, or parent, or the child, brother, sister, or parent of the
Participant's spouse) who is licensed by the law of the state in which
treatment is received as qualified to treat the sickness or injury for
which claim is made under the Plan.

a.  **Plan**

\[COMPANY NAME\]'s Long-Term Disability Plan.

a.  **Plan administrator**

\[NAME OF PLAN ADMINISTRATOR\]

a.  **Qualifying period**

The \[NUMBER\]-consecutive-day period during which a participant is
totally disabled, commencing on the first day on which he or she is
totally disabled. To be eligible to receive Plan benefits, a participant
must satisfy the entire qualifying period and be determined to be
totally disabled under the terms of the Plan.

a.  **Rehabilitation program**

A program to help any participant return to active, permanent work.

a.  **Total disability**

An employee is considered totally disabled when he or she is unable to
perform the material duties of his or her occupation solely because of
sickness or accidental injury.

a.  **Trust**

The \[COMPANY NAME\]Employee Benefit Trust that has been established to
fund the benefits under the Plan.

a.  **Trust assets**

The total of all assets of every kind or nature, both principal and
income, at any time and from time to time held in the trust.

a.  **Trustee**

The corporation and/or individual or individuals who from time to time
is or are the duly appointed and acting trustee or trustees of the
trust.

1.  **PARTICIPATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Eligibility**

Active employees of \[COMPANY NAME\]are eligible to participate in the
Long-Term Disability Plan once they have completed one full year of
service and have satisfied the requirements for participation in the
\[COMPANY NAME\]Consolidated Pension Plan (completion of \[NUMBER\]
hours of employment in a \[NUMBER\]-month period marked by anniversaries
of your date of hire).

In the case of \[COMPANY NAME\]full-time hourly and part-time hourly
employees, participation in the LTD Plan is available once you complete
\[NUMBER\] years of qualifying service.

LTD benefits are not available to retirees.

a.  **Commencement of participation**

Participation begins on the date you satisfy the eligibility
requirements. If you are absent from work for any reason other than
approved personal leave or vacation on the date on which you become
eligible, you become a participant on the date on which you return to
active work.

a.  **Termination of participation**

Participation in the Plan ends when one of the following occurs:

-   You are no longer an active, regular employee of a participating
    employer.

-   The Plan is terminated (regardless of whether or not you are
    disabled).

-   You retire under the \[COMPANY NAME\]Consolidated Pension Plan.

a.  **Disclaimer of employment obligation**

Participation in the Plan does not limit \[COMPANY NAME\]'s right to
discharge any participant from employment, nor does it give any employee
the right to continued employment.

1.  **ENTITLEMENT TO BENEFITS**

To qualify for LTD benefits, you must be totally disabled for a
\[NUMBER\]-consecutive-day period, you must be under the regular care
and treatment of a licensed physician and you must be certified disabled
by \[ADMINISTRATOR'S NAME\], based on conclusive medical evidence. You
must also have applied for Social Security disability benefits and for
any benefits available to you through other disability programs,
including those available through the state in which you reside.

a.  **Total disability and the qualifying period**

You are considered totally disabled when you are unable to perform the
material duties of your occupation solely due to sickness or accidental
injury.

To qualify for Plan benefits, you must be totally disabled for a
\[NUMBER\]-consecutive-day period. During that time, you may qualify for
benefits under \[COMPANY NAME\]'s salary continuation/short-term
disability program. Even in cases where short-term benefits are, you
could be entitled to LTD benefits if your disability is continuous for
\[NUMBER\] consecutive days.

a.  **Recurrent and successive disability during the qualifying period**

All days from the onset of disability on which you cannot work will be
considered to be "continuous" and "consecutive" days of disability if
they are from the same cause, unless you are able to return to work for
a period of \[NUMBER\] days or more during the qualifying period.

a.  **Unrelated disability**

If during your initial total disability qualifying period you incur an
unrelated total disability while you are unable to work, you may
aggregate your periods of total disability for purposes of satisfying
the \[NUMBER\]-day qualifying period.

a.  **Recurrent and successive disability after the qualifying period**

If you return to work following a period of long-term disability and
become disabled due to the same or related problems within six months
following your return to work, you will not be required to complete an
additional qualifying period.

a.  **Long-Term disability**

As used in the Plan, the term "long-term disability" has \[NUMBER\]
definitions:

i.  In the first \[NUMBER\] months of Plan payments, "long-term
    disability" means your inability to perform the material duties of
    your regular job solely because of sickness or accidental injury.

ii. After the first \[NUMBER\] months of Plan payments, "long-term
    disability" means your inability to engage in ANY occupation for
    which you are qualified or could reasonably become qualified based
    on your education, training and experience.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Limitations**

Long-term disability benefits are not paid for disabilities resulting
from:

i.  intentionally self-inflicted injuries

ii. participation in a felony or as a result of such participation

iii. services in the armed forces of any country

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Claims administration**

Claims Administration under the Plan is handled by \[NAME OF CLAIMS
ADMINISTRATOR\].

As Claims Administrator, \[NAME OF CLAIMS ADMINISTRATOR\] has been
delegated the authority to approve or deny claims for long-term
disability benefits, based on medical documentation. Forms for this
purpose are provided to disabled employees.

\[NAME OF CLAIMS ADMINISTRATOR\] will also advise on LTD appeals.

a.  **Claims for benefits**

Claims for long-term disability benefits are made on forms provided by
\[NAME OF CLAIMS ADMINISTRATOR\].

These forms are forwarded to you automatically when your disability
lasts longer than three and a half months if the Claims Administrator
feels, based on a review of existing medical documentation, that your
disability is likely to last longer than \[NUMBER\] days.

a.  **Conclusive medical evidence**

To qualify for benefits under the Plan, total disability must be
supported by current medical documentation. A claimant must be in the
continuous care of a qualified physician under a course of treatment
appropriate for the disability.

A claimant may be asked to undergo a medical examination by a physician
designated by the Claims Administrator. For example, if a claimant's
doctor cannot substantiate a finding of total disability with objective
evidence, an independent evaluation may be required.

When a claimant cannot or will not provide conclusive medical evidence
of total disability, LTD benefits will be denied or discontinued.

a.  **Ongoing certification of disability**

Continuation of LTD benefit payments will require ongoing certification
of disability based on updated medical documentation. Frequency of claim
review is determined by the Claims Administrator.

a.  **Application for Social Security benefits**

Except in cases where return to work will occur soon after the
\[NUMBER\]-day qualifying period, all claimants for LTD benefits must
apply for Social Security benefits.

Long-Term disability benefits are offset by benefits available from
Social Security. However, these projected benefits are not offset
against your monthly benefit until you actually receive a Social
Security award.

When a participant receives the award which pays retroactively for the
period during which he or she was eligible to receive Social Security
benefits, the participant turns over those amounts to the Plan as
repayment for benefits previously advanced. Participants are required to
sign an agreement to this effect as a condition of receiving benefits
under the Plan.

a.  **Application for state disability benefits**

If you live in a state that maintains a disability program to which you
and/or your employer are making contributions, please contact \[Name of
person who handles benefits\] for information on how to file for these
benefits.

1.  **CALCULATION OF BENEFITS**

    a.  **Benefit amount**

The long-term disability benefit is \[%\] of base monthly compensation
minus other disability income (see below), with base monthly
compensation defined in the Plan as follows:

i.  **for salaried employees:** the average monthly earnings (base
    salary, bonuses and overtime, but excluding awards and special
    payments) for the last \[NUMBER\] months of full pay immediately
    preceding the first date of disability (the first day of the
    \[NUMBER\]-day qualifying period).

    -   **for commissioned sales representatives:** the average monthly
        amount of commissions attributed to the \[NUMBER\] months
        immediately preceding the first day of total disability. (For
        reps with less than \[NUMBER\] full years of commissions,
        benefit is based on the average of the total number of months on
        commission.)

    -   **for employees paid on the basis of salary plus commission:
        **the sum of the above (Any salary or earnings rate not
        determined on a monthly basis is determined using your normal
        monthly scheduled hours (exclusive of overtime) in effect on the
        day preceding the first day of total disability.)

    a.  **Minimum/maximum benefit**

The minimum Plan benefit is \[AMOUNT\] per month.

There is no maximum dollar amount of benefit that you may receive under
the LTD Plan's formula for calculation of benefits.

a.  **Offsets for other income**

Long-term disability payments are reduced by any disability and/or
income you are receiving including:

-   any benefits you are eligible to receive as regular salary,
    commission, bonus, special payments, sick leave, vacation pay, or
    under any salary continuation plan

-   primary Social Security benefits

-   benefits you are eligible to receive under the Public Employees
    Retirement Law, the Railroad Retirement Act, or any other federal,
    state, county, or municipal retirement act or law

-   any employer retirement benefits

-   any benefits you are entitled to receive under other government - or
    \[COMPANY NAME\]- sponsored disability or income or retirement plans

-   any benefits you are eligible to receive under worker's compensation
    or similar legislation

-   any wages attributable to the period for which benefits are being
    paid under the Plan, whether or not received from \[COMPANY NAME\]

-   any benefits you are eligible to receive under any plan or provision
    providing periodic payments for disability or providing benefits for
    loss of time or income

For example: Suppose your average monthly earnings are determined to be
\$2,000. Your LTD benefit would be \[%\] of that \$2,000, or \[AMOUNT\].
Now, assume that you also receive \[AMOUNT\] monthly from Social
Security. Your LTD benefit would be \[AMOUNT\] minus \[AMOUNT\], or
\[AMOUNT\].

a.  **Increases in other income**

Your monthly LTD payment is not recalculated if your "other income" (as
described above) is increased due to scheduled or legislated increases
under the Federal Social Security Act, workers' compensation, or similar
legislation after you have received your first Plan payment. However, if
retirement or disability benefits you receive under another program
increase because you are disabled, your monthly LTD benefit will be
reduced by the amount of the increase attributable to your total
disability. In addition, if your primary Social Security benefit is
increased because of a recalculation of your earnings (including
earnings in the year you become disabled), your LTD benefit will be
reduced by the amount of that increase.

a.  **Partial monthly benefit**

For any partial month of disability (generally the first or the last
month in your disability period), you will receive one-thirtieth of your
monthly benefit for each day on which you are totally disabled during
the month. If you qualify only for the minimum benefit, this too will be
calculated on a daily basis for partial months.

a.  **Vacation**

You may at any time elect to take the vacation time remaining in your
first year of disability and, thereby, receive full pay for those days
instead of the \[%\] LTD daily benefit. In computing your monthly
benefit for such months, days on which you take earned vacation will be
subtracted from the number of days for which you are eligible for LTD
benefits. If you take a full month of vacation, the minimum LTD benefit
will not be payable.

1.  **PAYMENT OF BENEFITS**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Monthly payments**

Payments of long-term disability benefits commence on the first day of
the month following the first day of Long-Term Disability.

Thereafter, payments are made on the first of each month to cover all or
part of the preceding month during which you are certified disabled.

a.  **Funding**

LTD benefits are paid from the assets of the \[COMPANY NAME\]Employee
Benefits Trust. The Trustee is \[Name of trustee\]. It is the intent of
\[COMPANY NAME\] to prefund the Trust at the end of each year,
projecting the Plan's financial needs based on recommendations of
independent consultants.

1.  **TERMINATION OF BENEFITS**

With the exception of mental or nervous disorders, alcoholism or drug
abuse, when all Plan conditions are met, LTD benefits continue for up to
\[NUMBER\] months if you are unable to perform the material duties of
your regular job. They could continue longer if you are unable to engage
in any occupation for which you are qualified or could reasonably become
qualified based on your education, training and experience. And they
could continue in modified fashion if you engage in an approved program
of rehabilitative employment.

a.  **Conditions for benefit termination**

The foregoing rules notwithstanding, Plan benefits will be discontinued
upon any of the following:

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| i.  your recovery from total disability                              |
|                                                                      |
| ii. your failure to remain under the regular care and treatment of a |
|     qualified physician                                              |
|                                                                      |
| iii. your return to work, except with respect to a rehabilitative    |
|      program                                                         |
|                                                                      |
| iv. your inability or unwillingness to provide complete medical      |
|     evidence of your total disability                                |
|                                                                      |
| v.  the expiration of the payment period is determined under the     |
|     following schedule:                                              |
|                                                                      |
| **Participant's Age at Total Disability Benefit Payment Period**     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Less than 62 Up to 65th Birthday                                     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 62 but less than 63 36 months                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 63 but less than 64 \[NUMBER\] months                                |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 64 and older \[NUMBER\] months                                       |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

a.  **Special circumstances**

Payment of LTD benefits is limited to a maximum of \[NUMBER\] months if
the disability results from:

-   mental or nervous disorders

-   alcoholism or drug abuse

-   addiction to or abuse of drugs or other substances including, but
    not limited to, substances identified by federal or state
    authorities as controlled substances

1.  **RETIREMENT BENEFITS**

If you have completed \[NUMBER\] qualifying years of service in the
\[COMPANY NAME\] Consolidated Pension Plan, you continue to accrue years
of service for pension calculation purposes for the period of time
during which you are receiving LTD benefits.

Additionally, if you are vested, you may decide to retire any time after
\[AGE\]. If you retire, your disability benefits will stop and you will
begin receiving your pension in any of the optional forms of payment
provided under the pension plan.

1.  **REHABILITATIVE EMPLOYMENT**

The Plan also provides for a program designed to help you return to
active, permanent work. However, such a program must be approved by
\[NAME OF PERSON WHO WILL APPROVE REHAB PROGRAM\] and your doctor.
Rehabilitation programs may include training, physical therapy, or,
where possible, part-time work in your old job or a new job.

You will be considered to be engaged in a rehabilitative program if the
following conditions are met:

i.  You are totally disabled.

ii. The rehabilitative plan or program you are participating in is
    approved by a physician and \[NAME OF PERSON WHO APPROVES REHAB\].

Your rehabilitative employment status will be reviewed at least every
three months, unless your work duties change or you request a review.

While you are in a period of rehabilitative employment, your monthly LTD
benefit is offset by \[NUMBER\]-thirds of your rehabilitation earnings.
Your total income for that period, then, is:

-   your rehabilitation income, plus

-   the excess of your monthly LTD benefit from the Plan if your LTD
    amount was larger than \[NUMBER\]-thirds of your rehabilitation
    income (otherwise, a minimum Plan benefit of \[AMOUNT\])

Suppose, for example, that your monthly earnings prior to disability
were \[AMOUNT\]. Your LTD benefit is \[%\], or \[AMOUNT\]. You engage in
rehabilitative employment and earn \[AMOUNT\] a month. Here's what you
receive for those months:

-   rehabilitation earnings: \[AMOUNT\]

-   excess monthly LTD benefit: \[AMOUNT\] -- (\[%\] x \[AMOUNT\]) =
    \[AMOUNT\]

Your total earnings for that period of time would be \[AMOUNT\], of
which \[AMOUNT\] would come from earnings and \[AMOUNT\] would come from
the LTD Plan.

1.  **APPEALING BENEFIT DETERMINATIONS**

If you disagree with a decision regarding the benefits to which you are
entitled under the Plan, you have \[NUMBER\] days in which to file a
written appeal with the Claim Administrator. Within \[NUMBER\] days,
your claim will be reviewed and you will receive a written decision
regarding your appeal. This \[NUMBER\]-day period may be extended for an
additional \[NUMBER\] days if circumstances warrant such an extension.
If your claim is denied, in whole or in part, you will receive all of
the following:

-   written notification of the reason(s) for the denial

-   a reference to the Plan provision(s) which is the basis for the
    denial

-   a description of what you need if you choose to file an amended
    claim

-   an explanation of why that information is needed

-   an explanation of the Plan's claim procedure

You will then have \[NUMBER\] days after receiving the decision to file
a written notice to request review of that decision by \[name of person
who will review decisions\]. Within \[NUMBER\] days of your written
request, you will receive, in writing, notification of \[Name of person
who will review decisions\]'s decision.

1.  **PLAN ADMINISTRATION**

The \[COMPANY NAME\]Long-Term Disability Plan is administered by
\[ADMINISTRATOR'S NAME\].

\[ADMINISTRATOR'S NAME\] has authority to make rules and regulations
necessary for the administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret
the Plan and to make sure that all Participants are treated uniformly
and equitably.

\[ADMINISTRATOR'S NAME\] is empowered to delegate responsibility for
Plan administration, including the appointment of a Claim Administrator
to advise on eligibility for participation, eligibility for benefits,
amount of benefits, etc.

Day-to-day responsibility for the administration of the Plan has been
delegated to \[ADMINISTRATOR'S NAME\], who works closely with \[Name of
person who oversees benefits\].

1.  **PLAN AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Plan amendment**

The LTD Plan may be amended at any time with the consent of \[COMPANY
NAME\].

a.  **Plan termination**

While it is the intent of \[COMPANY NAME\]to continue this Plan
indefinitely, \[COMPANY NAME\]does reserve the right to terminate the
Plan at any time.

If the Plan is terminated, and if you are totally disabled on the
effective date of the Plan termination and are otherwise entitled to
benefits under the Plan, you will continue to receive those benefits in
accordance with Plan provisions. However, benefits will stop if any of
the following:

-   you cease to be totally disabled

-   you return to work for a period of at least six consecutive months
    in any capacity other than in rehabilitative employment

-   you return to work for any period of time and become totally
    disabled from a cause unrelated to the total disability for which
    you were receiving benefits
