# \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'S DRUG TESTING POLICY

**EXAMPLE 1**

1.  **EMPLOYEES SUBJECT TO TESTING**

Under \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'s drug and alcohol testing policy, current
and prospective employees who work or would work in high-risk or
safety-sensitive positions will be asked to submit to drug and alcohol
testing. No prospective employee will be asked to submit to testing
unless an offer of employment has been made. An offer of \[YOUR COMPANY
NAME\], however, is conditioned on the prospective employee testing
negative for drugs and alcohol.

1.  **SAFEGUARDS**

\[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'s policy is intended to comply with all state
laws governing drug and alcohol testing and is designed to safeguard
employee privacy rights to the fullest extent of the law.

1.  **SELECTION**

Not all \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] employees will be asked to submit to drug
and alcohol testing. Only those employees who \[list criteria such as
job titles or duties that will require drug testing\] are subject to
drug and alcohol testing.

1.  **TESTED SUBSTANCES**

\[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'s drug and alcohol testing program is limited to
testing for \[LIST WHAT YOU'LL TEST FOR, E.G., BLOOD ALCOHOL, SPECIFIC
DRUGS AND DRUG TYPES\]. Any other substances that may be tested using
the same method used to test for controlled substances will not be
tested and, if found, will not be reported.

1.  **WRITTEN NOTICE**

Before being asked to submit to a drug and/or alcohol test, the employee
will receive written notice of the request or requirements.

1.  **LICENSED LABORATORIES**

Any drug and/or alcohol testing required or requested by \[YOUR COMPANY
NAME\] will be conducted by a laboratory licensed by the state. The
employee may obtain the name and location of the laboratory that will
analyze the employee\'s test sample by calling \[Name of collection
lab\] \[Number of hours\] hours before the employee is scheduled to be
tested.

1.  **NOTICE OF RESULTS**

If the employee is asked to submit to a drug or alcohol test, \[YOUR
COMPANY NAME\] will notify the employee of the results within \[SPECIFY
TIME LIMIT, E,G., "24 HOURS" OR "ONE WEEK"\] after it receives them from
the laboratory. To preserve the confidentiality \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]
strives to maintain, the employee will be notified by \[METHOD OF
NOTIFICATION\] whether the test was negative or confirmed positive and,
if confirmed positive, what the next step is.

1.  **POSITIVE TEST RESULTS**

If the employee receives notice that the employee\'s test results were
confirmed positive, the employee will be given the opportunity to
explain the positive result following the employee\'s receipt of the
test result. In addition, the employee may have the same sample retested
at a laboratory of the employee\'s choice.

1.  **ADVERSE EMPLOYMENT ACTION**

If there is reason to suspect that the employee is working while under
the influence of an illegal drug or alcohol, the employee will be
suspended \[WITH OR WITHOUT\] pay until the results of a drug and
alcohol test are made available to \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] by the testing
laboratory. Where drug or alcohol testing is part of a routine physical
or random screening, there will be no adverse employment action taken
until the test results are in.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

\[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] will make every effort to keep the results of drug
and alcohol tests confidential. Only persons with a need to know the
results will have access to them. The employee will be asked for the
employee\'s consent before test results are released to anyone else. Be
advised, however, that test results may be used in arbitration,
administrative hearings and court cases arising as a result of the
employee\'s drug testing. Also, results will be sent to federal agencies
as required by federal law. If the employee is to be referred to a
treatment facility for evaluation, the employee\'s test results will
also be made available to the employee\'s counselor. The results of drug
testing in the workplace will not be used against the employee in any
criminal prosecution.

1.  **COSTS**

\[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] will pay the cost of any drug and alcohol testing
that it requires or requests employees submit to, including retesting of
confirmed positive results. Any additional tests that the employee
requests will be paid for by the employee.

1.  **DRUG AND ALCOHOL USE AT WORK PROHIBITED**

\[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] will not tolerate any use of non-prescribed drugs
or alcohol during work hours. If the employee comes to work under the
influence of drugs or alcohol or use drugs or alcohol during work time,
the employee will be \[DESCRIBE CONSEQUENCES; E.G., "SENT HOME WITHOUT
PAY," "DISCIPLINED," "TERMINATED"\].

1.  **POSTING**

Besides being outlined here, \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'s drug policy is
posted in \[NAME LOCATION OF POSTING\] where the employee may review it.

# \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'S DRUG TESTING POLICY

**EXAMPLE 2**

\[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] does not test employees for drug and alcohol
abuse. Because the nature of \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'s business is
neither high risk nor particularly safety sensitive, \[YOUR COMPANY
NAME\] feels that drug and alcohol testing would be too intrusive a
procedure for the expected results. Therefore, employees will not be
asked to submit to drug and alcohol testing in the workplace setting.
However, \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\] strictly prohibits the use of drugs or
alcohol in the workplace and will take disciplinary action against any
employee found using drugs or alcohol during working hours. In addition,
if the employee arrives at work under the influence of drugs or alcohol,
the employee will be sent home for the day, without pay. Repeated
instances of arriving at work under the influence of drugs or alcohol
may result in \[DESCRIBE CONSEQUENCE; E.G., "WRITTEN WARNING,"
"SUSPENSION," "TERMINATION"\].
