**[E-MAIL POLICY]{.underline}**

[This document sets forth the policy of \[COMPANY NAME\] (the "Company")
with respect to e-mail. All employees who use the Company's e-mail
system are required to comply with this policy statement.]{.underline}

1.  **[Business Use]{.underline}**

[The e-mail system is to be used solely for business purposes of the
Company and not for personal purposes of the employees.]{.underline}

1.  **[Ownership]{.underline}**

[All information and messages that are created, sent, received or stored
on the Company's e-mail system is the sole property of the
Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[E-mail Review]{.underline}**

[All e-mail is subject to the right of the Company to monitor, access,
read, disclose and use such e-mail without prior notice to the
originators and recipients of such e-mail. E-mail may be monitored and
read by authorized personnel for the Company for any violations of law,
breaches of Company policies, communications harmful to the Company, or
for any other reason.]{.underline}

1.  **[Prohibited Content]{.underline}**

[E-mails may not contain statements or content that are libelous,
offensive, harassing, illegal, derogatory, or discriminatory. Foul,
inappropriate or offensive messages such as racial, sexual, or religious
slurs or jokes are prohibited. Sexually explicit messages or images,
cartoons or jokes are prohibited.]{.underline}

1.  **[Security]{.underline}**

[The e-mail system is only to be used by authorized persons, and an
employee must have been issued and e-mail password in order to use the
system. Employees shall not disclose their codes or passwords to others
and may not use someone else's code or password without express written
authorization from the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[No Presumption of Privacy]{.underline}**

[E-mail communications should not be assumed to be private and security
cannot be guaranteed. Highly confidential or sensitive information
should not be sent through e-mail.]{.underline}

1.  **[Certain Prohibited Activities]{.underline}**

[Employees may not, without the Company's express written authorization
transmit trade secrets or other confidential, private or proprietary
information or materials through e-mail.]{.underline}

1.  **[Message Retention and Creation]{.underline}**

[Employees should be careful in creating e-mail. Even when a message has
been deleted, it may still exist in printed version, be recreated from a
back-up system, or may have been forwarded to someone else. Please note
that appropriate electronic messages may need to be saved. And, the
Company may be required to produce e-mail in litigation.]{.underline}

1.  **[Viruses]{.underline}**

[Any files downloaded from e-mail received from non-Company sources must
be scanned with the Company's virus detection software. Any viruses,
tampering or system problems should be immediately reported to (computer
systems administrator)]{.underline}

1.  **[Consequences of Violations]{.underline}**

[Violations of this policy or other company policies may result in
discipline, suspension and even termination of employment.]{.underline}
