***EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK***

**UNDERSTANDING ALL EMPLOYMENT **

**ISSUES AT ENVISION**

**[[REVISED ON \[DATE\]]{.underline}]{.smallcaps}**

[Presented to:]{.underline}

[\[EMPLOYEE\]]{.underline}

**[TABLE OF CONTENT]{.underline}**

# [[WELCOME TO ]{#_Toc17086349}\[COMPANY NAME\]]{.underline}

On behalf of your colleagues, we welcome you to \[COMPANY NAME\] and
wish you every success here.

At \[COMPANY NAME\], we believe that each employee contributes directly
to the growth and success of the company, and we hope you will take
pride in being a member of our team.

This handbook was developed to describe some of the expectations of our
employees and to outline the policies, programs, and benefits available
to eligible employees. Employees should become familiar with the
contents of the employee handbook as soon as possible, for it will
answer many questions about employment with \[COMPANY NAME\].

[We believe that professional relationships are easier when all
employees are aware of the culture and values of the organization. This
guide will help you to better understand our vision for the future of
our business and the challenges that are ahead.]{.underline}

[We hope that your experience here will be challenging, enjoyable, and
rewarding.]{.underline}

[Again, welcome!]{.underline}

[\[PRESIDENT NAME\]]{.underline}

[President & CEO]{.underline}

# [[1.]{#_Toc17086350}[ ]{#_Toc17086350}INTRODUCTION]{.underline}

## [[1.1]{#_Toc17086351}[ ]{#_Toc17086351}[ORGANIZATION DESCRIPTION]{#_Toc17086351}]{.underline}

### [[1.1.1]{#_Toc17086352}[ ]{#_Toc17086352}[PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED]{#_Toc17086352}]{.underline}

[You will find more information about our products and services by
reading the \[COMPANY NAME\] Corporate Brochures.]{.underline}

### [[1.1.2]{#_Toc17086353}[ ]{#_Toc17086353}[FACILITIES AND LOCATION(S)]{#_Toc17086353}]{.underline}

**Head Office:**

\[ADDRESS\]

\[CITY\], \[STATE\] \[ZIP/POSTAL CODE\]

\[COUNTRY\]

### [[1.1.3]{#_Toc17086354}[ ]{#_Toc17086354}[THE HISTORY OF ]{#_Toc17086354}\[COMPANY NAME\]]{.underline}

\[DESCRIBE THE HISTORY OF YOUR COMPANY HERE\]

4.  **[MANAGEMENT PHILOSOPHY]{.underline}**

[\[COMPANY NAME\] management philosophy is based on responsibility and
mutual respect. People who come to \[COMPANY NAME\] want to work here
because we have created an environment that encourages creativity and
achievement. \[COMPANY NAME\] aims to become a leader in \[DESCRIBE YOUR
COMPANY'S FIELD OF EXPERTISE\]. The mainstay of our strategy will be to
offer a level of client focus that is superior to that offered by our
competitors.]{.underline}

[To help achieve this objective, \[COMPANY NAME\] seeks to attract
highly motivated individuals that want to work as a team and share in
the commitment, responsibility, risk taking and discipline required to
achieve our vision. Part of attracting these special individuals will be
to build a culture that promotes both uniqueness and a bias for action.
While we will be realistic in setting goals and expectations, \[COMPANY
NAME\] will also be aggressive in reaching its objectives. This success
will in turn enable \[COMPANY NAME\] to give its employees above average
compensation and innovative benefits or rewards, key elements in helping
us maintain our leadership position in the worldwide
marketplace.]{.underline}

### [[1.1.5]{#_Toc17086355}[ ]{#_Toc17086355}GOALS]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE YOUR COMPANY'S GOALS HERE\]]{.underline}

## [[1.2]{#_Toc17086356}[ ]{#_Toc17086356}[INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT]{#_Toc17086356}]{.underline}

[This handbook is designed to acquaint you with \[COMPANY NAME\] and
provide you with information about working conditions, employee
benefits, and some of the policies affecting your employment. You should
read, understand, and comply with all provisions of the handbook. It
describes many of your responsibilities as an employee and outlines the
programs developed by \[COMPANY NAME\] to benefit employees. One of our
objectives is to provide a work environment that is conducive to both
personal and professional growth.]{.underline}

[No employee handbook can anticipate every circumstance or question
about policy. As \[COMPANY NAME\] continues to grow, the need may arise
and \[COMPANY NAME\] reserves the right to revise, supplement, or
rescind any policies or portion of the handbook from time to time as it
deems appropriate, in its sole and absolute discretion. Employees will
be notified of such changes to the handbook as they occur.]{.underline}

## [[1.3]{#_Toc17086357}[ ]{#_Toc17086357}[CUSTOMER RELATIONS]{#_Toc17086357}]{.underline}

Customers are among our organization\'s most valuable assets. Every
employee represents \[COMPANY NAME\] to our customers and the public.
The way we do our jobs presents an image of our entire organization.
Customers judge all of us by how they are treated with each employee
contact. Therefore, one of our first business priorities is to assist
any customer or potential customer. Nothing is more important than being
courteous, friendly, helpful, and prompt in the attention you give to
customers.

[\[COMPANY NAME\] will provide customer relations and services training
to all employees with extensive customer contact. Customers who wish to
lodge specific comments or complaints should be directed to the \[TITLE
AND NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE\] for appropriate action. Our
personal contact with the public, our manners on the telephone, and the
communications we send to customers are a reflection not only of
ourselves, but also of the professionalism of \[COMPANY NAME\]. Positive
customer relations not only enhance the public\'s perception or image of
\[COMPANY NAME\], but also pay off in greater customer loyalty and
increased sales and profit.]{.underline}

# [[2.]{#_Toc17086358}[ ]{#_Toc17086358}THE EMPLOYMENT]{.underline}

## [[2.1]{#_Toc17086359}[ ]{#_Toc17086359}[NATURE OF EMPLOYMENT]{#_Toc17086359}]{.underline}

Employment with \[COMPANY NAME\] is voluntarily entered into, and the
employee is free to resign at any time, with or without cause.
Similarly, \[COMPANY NAME\] may terminate the employment relationship at
will at any time, with or without notice or cause, so long as there is
no violation of applicable federal or provincial law.

Policies set forth in this handbook are not intended to create a
contract, nor are they to be construed to constitute contractual
obligations of any kind or a contract of employment between \[COMPANY
NAME\] and any of its employees. The provisions of the handbook have
been developed at the discretion of management and, except for its
policy of employment-at-will, may be amended or cancelled at any time,
at \[COMPANY NAME\] sole discretion.

[These provisions supersede all existing policies and practices and may
not be amended or added to without the express written approval of the
\[NAME OF THE EXECUTIVE GROUP OR TITLE AND NAME OF THE PERSON
RESPONSIBLE\].]{.underline}

## [[2.2]{#_Toc17086360}[ ]{#_Toc17086360}[EMPLOYEE RELATIONS]{#_Toc17086360}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] believes that the work conditions, wages, and benefits
it offers to its employees are competitive with those offered by other
employers in this area and in this industry. If employees have concerns
about work conditions or compensation, they are strongly encouraged to
voice these concerns openly and directly to their supervisors.

Our experience has shown that when employees deal openly and directly
with supervisors, the work environment can be excellent, communications
can be clear, and attitudes can be positive. We believe that \[COMPANY
NAME\] amply demonstrates its commitment to employees by responding
effectively to employee concerns.

[In an effort to protect and maintain direct employer/employee
communications, we will do anything we can to protect the right of
employees to speak for themselves.]{.underline}

## [[2.3]{#_Toc17086361}[ ]{#_Toc17086361}[EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY]{#_Toc17086361}]{.underline}

[In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to
all individuals, employment decisions at \[COMPANY NAME\] will be based
on merit, qualifications, and abilities. \[COMPANY NAME\] does not
discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or any other characteristic
protected by law.]{.underline}

This policy governs all aspects of employment, including selection, job
assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, and access to
benefits and training.

Any employees with questions or concerns about any type of
discrimination in the workplace are encouraged to bring these issues to
the attention of their immediate supervisor or the \[HUMAN RESOURCES
DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\]. Employees can raise concerns and make reports
without fear of reprisal. Anyone found to be engaging in any type of
unlawful discrimination will be subject to disciplinary action, up to
and including termination of employment.

## [[2.4]{#_Toc17086362}[ ]{#_Toc17086362}[BUSINESS ETHICS AND CONDUCT]{#_Toc17086362}]{.underline}

The successful business operation and reputation of \[COMPANY NAME\] is
built upon the principles of fair dealing and ethical conduct of our
employees. Our reputation for integrity and excellence requires careful
observance of the spirit and letter of all applicable laws and
regulations, as well as a scrupulous regard for the highest standards of
conduct and personal integrity.

The continued success of \[COMPANY NAME\] is dependent upon our
customers\' trust and we are dedicated to preserving that trust.
Employees owe a duty to \[COMPANY NAME\], its customers, and
shareholders to act in a way that will merit the continued trust and
confidence of the public.

\[COMPANY NAME\] will comply with all applicable laws and regulations
and expects its directors, officers, and employees to conduct business
in accordance with the letter, spirit, and intent of all relevant laws
and to refrain from any illegal, dishonest, or unethical conduct.

In general, the use of good judgment, based on high ethical principles,
will guide you with respect to lines of acceptable conduct. If a
situation arises where it is difficult to determine the proper course of
action, the matter should be discussed openly with your immediate
supervisor and, if necessary, with the President, \[NAME\], for advice
and consultation.

[Compliance with this policy of business ethics and conduct is the
responsibility of every \[COMPANY NAME\] employee. Disregarding or
failing to comply with this standard of business ethics and conduct
could lead to disciplinary action, up to and including possible
termination of employment.]{.underline}

## [[2.5]{#_Toc17086363}[ ]{#_Toc17086363}[PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS IN THE WORKPLACE]{#_Toc17086363}]{.underline}

The employment of relatives or individuals involved in a dating
relationship in the same area of an organization may cause serious
conflicts and problems with favoritism and employee morale. In addition
to claims of partiality in treatment at work, personal conflicts from
outside the work environment can be carried over into day-to-day working
relationships.

For purposes of this policy, a relative is any person who is related by
blood or marriage, or whose relationship with the employee is similar to
that of persons who are related by blood or marriage. A dating
relationship is defined as a relationship that may be reasonably
expected to lead to the formation of a consensual \"romantic\" or sexual
relationship. This policy applies to all employees without regard to the
gender or sexual orientation of the individuals involved.

Although \[COMPANY NAME\] has no prohibition against employing relatives
of current employees or individuals involved in a dating relationship
with current employees, we are committed to monitoring situations in
which such relationships exist in the same area. In case of actual or
potential problems, \[COMPANY NAME\] will take prompt action, and this
can include reassignment. Employees in a close personal relationship
should refrain from public workplace displays of affection or excessive
personal conversation.

## [[2.6]{#_Toc17086364}[ ]{#_Toc17086364}[CONFLICTS OF INTEREST]{#_Toc17086364}]{.underline}

Employees have an obligation to conduct business within guidelines that
prohibit actual or potential conflicts of interest. This policy
establishes only the framework within which \[COMPANY NAME\] wishes the
business to operate. The purpose of these guidelines is to provide
general direction so that employees can seek further clarification on
issues related to the subject of acceptable standards of operation.
Contact the President for more information or questions about conflicts
of interest.

Transactions with outside firms must be conducted within a framework
established and controlled by the executive level of \[COMPANY NAME\].
Business dealings with outside firms should not result in unusual gains
for those firms. Unusual gain refers to bribes, product bonuses, special
fringe benefits, unusual price breaks, and other windfalls designed to
ultimately benefit the employer, the employee, or both. Promotional
plans that could be interpreted to involve unusual gain require specific
executive-level approval.

An actual or potential conflict of interest occurs when an employee is
in a position to influence a decision that may result in a personal gain
for that employee or for a relative because of \[COMPANY NAME\] business
dealings. For the purposes of this policy, a relative is any person who
is related by blood or marriage, or whose relationship with the employee
is similar to that of persons who are related by blood or marriage.

No \"presumption of guilt\" is created by the mere existence of a
relationship with outside firms. However, if employees have any
influence on transactions involving purchases, contracts, or leases, it
is imperative that they disclose to an officer of \[COMPANY NAME\] as
soon as possible the existence of any actual or potential conflict of
interest so that safeguards can be established to protect all parties.

[Personal gain may result not only in cases where an employee or
relative has a significant ownership in a firm with which \[COMPANY
NAME\] does business, but also when an employee or relative receives any
kickback, bribe, substantial gift, or special consideration as a result
of any transaction or business dealings involving \[COMPANY
NAME\].]{.underline}

## [[2.7]{#_Toc17086365}[ ]{#_Toc17086365}[OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT]{#_Toc17086365}]{.underline}

[Employees may hold outside jobs as long as they meet the performance
standards of their job with \[COMPANY NAME\]. All employees will be
judged by the same performance standards and will be subject to
\[COMPANY NAME\] scheduling demands, regardless of any existing outside
work requirements. ]{.underline}

If \[COMPANY NAME\] determines that an employee\'s outside work
interferes with performance or the ability to meet the requirements of
\[COMPANY NAME\] as they are modified from time to time, the employee
may be asked to terminate the outside employment if he or she wishes to
remain with \[COMPANY NAME\].

[Outside employment that constitutes a conflict of interest is
prohibited. Employees may not receive any income or material gain from
individuals outside \[COMPANY NAME\] for materials produced or services
rendered while performing their jobs.]{.underline}

## [[2.8]{#_Toc17086366}[ ]{#_Toc17086366}[NON-DISCLOSURE]{#_Toc17086366}]{.underline}

The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is
vital to the interests and the success of \[COMPANY NAME\]. Such
confidential information includes, but is not limited to, the following
examples:

  ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------
  [\* compensation data]{.underline}             [\* Pending projects and proposals]{.underline}
  [\* Computer processes]{.underline}            [\* Proprietary production processes]{.underline}
  [\* Computer programs and codes]{.underline}   [\* Research and development strategies]{.underline}
  [\* Customer lists]{.underline}                [\* Scientific data]{.underline}
  [\* Customer preferences]{.underline}          [\* Scientific formulae]{.underline}
  [\* financial information]{.underline}         [\* scientific prototypes]{.underline}
  [\* Labor relations strategies]{.underline}    [\* Technological data]{.underline}
  [\* Marketing strategies]{.underline}          [\* Technological prototypes]{.underline}
  [\* New materials research]{.underline}        
                                                 
  ---------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------

[All employees are required to sign a non-disclosure agreement as a
condition of employment. Employees who improperly use or disclose trade
secrets or confidential business information will be subject to
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment and
legal action, even if they do not actually benefit from the disclosed
information.]{.underline}

## [[2.9]{#_Toc17086367}[ ]{#_Toc17086367}[DISABILITY ACCOMMODATION]{#_Toc17086367}]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] is ensuring equal opportunity in employment for
qualified persons with disabilities. All employment practices and
activities are conducted on a non-discriminatory basis.]{.underline}

Hiring procedures have been reviewed and provide persons with
disabilities meaningful employment opportunities. Upon request, job
applications are available in alternative, accessible formats, as is
assistance in completing the application. Pre-employment inquiries are
made only regarding an applicant\'s ability to perform the duties of the
position.

Reasonable accommodation is available to all disabled employees, where
their disability affects the performance of job functions. All
employment decisions are based on the merits of the situation in
accordance with defined criteria, not the disability of the individual.

Qualified individuals with disabilities are entitled to equal pay and
other forms of compensation (or changes in compensation) as well as in
job assignments, classifications, organizational structures, position
descriptions, lines of progression, and seniority lists. Leave of all
types will be available to all employees on an equal basis.

\[COMPANY NAME\] is also committed to not discriminating against any
qualified employees or applicants because they are related to or
associated with a person with a disability. \[COMPANY NAME\] will follow
any provincial or local law that provides individuals with disabilities
greater protection.

[This policy is neither exhaustive nor exclusive. \[COMPANY NAME\] is
committed to taking all other actions necessary to ensure equal
employment opportunity for persons with disabilities in accordance with
all applicable federal, provincial, and local laws.]{.underline}

## [[2.10]{#_Toc17086368}[ ]{#_Toc17086368}[JOB POSTING AND EMPLOYEE REFERRALS]{#_Toc17086368}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] provides employees an opportunity to indicate their
interest in open positions and advance within the organization according
to their skills and experience. In general, notices of all regular,
full-time job openings are posted, although \[COMPANY NAME\] reserves
its discretionary right to not post a particular opening.

Job openings will be posted on the employee bulletin board and/or in the
e-mail system, and normally remain open for 15 days. Each job posting
notice will include the dates of the posting period, job title,
department, location, grade level, job summary, essential duties, and
qualifications (required skills and abilities).

To be eligible to apply for a posted job, employees must have performed
competently for at least 90 calendar days in their current position.
Employees who have a written warning on file, or are on probation or
suspension are not eligible to apply for posted jobs. Eligible employees
can only apply for those posted jobs for which they possess the required
skills, competencies, and qualifications.

To apply for an open position, employees should submit a job posting
application to the \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] listing
job-related skills and accomplishments. It should also describe how
their current experience with \[COMPANY NAME\] and prior work experience
and/or education qualifies them for the position.

\[COMPANY NAME\] recognizes the benefit of developmental experiences and
encourages employees to talk with their supervisors about their career
plans. Supervisors are encouraged to support employees\' efforts to gain
experience and advance within the organization.

An applicant\'s supervisor may be contacted to verify performance,
skills, and attendance. Any staffing limitations or other circumstances
that might affect a prospective transfer may also be discussed.

Job posting is a way to inform employees of openings and to identify
qualified and interested applicants who might not otherwise be known to
the hiring manager. Other recruiting sources may also be used to fill
open positions in the best interest of the organization.

\[COMPANY NAME\] also encourages employees to identify friends or
acquaintances that are interested in employment opportunities and refer
qualified outside applicants for posted jobs. Employees should obtain
permission from the individual before making a referral, share their
knowledge of the organization, and not make commitments or oral promises
of employment.

[An employee should submit the referral\'s resume and/or completed
application form to the \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] for a
posted job. If the referral is interviewed, the referring employee will
be notified of the initial interview and the final selection
decision.]{.underline}

# [[3.]{#_Toc17086369}[ ]{#_Toc17086369}EMPLOYMENT STATUS AND RECORDS]{.underline}

## [[3.1]{#_Toc17086370}[ ]{#_Toc17086370}[EMPLOYMENT CATEGORIES]{#_Toc17086370}]{.underline}

It is the intent of \[COMPANY NAME\] to clarify the definitions of
employment classifications so that employees understand their employment
status and benefit eligibility.

Each employee is designated as either NONEXEMPT or EXEMPT from federal
and provincial wage and hour laws. NONEXEMPT employees are entitled to
overtime pay under the specific provisions of federal and provincial
laws. EXEMPT employees are excluded from specific provisions of federal
and provincial wage and hour laws. An employee\'s EXEMPT or NONEXEMPT
classification may be changed only upon written notification by
\[COMPANY NAME\] management.

In addition to the above categories, each employee will belong to one
other employment category:

REGULAR FULL-TIME employees are those who are not in a temporary or
probation status and who are regularly scheduled to work \[COMPANY
NAME\] full-time schedule. Generally, they are eligible for \[COMPANY
NAME\] benefit package, subject to the terms, conditions, and
limitations of each benefit program.

REGULAR PART-TIME employees are those who are not assigned to a
temporary or probation status and who are regularly scheduled to work
less than 28 hours per week. While they do receive all legally mandated
benefits (such as Social Security and unemployment insurance), they are
ineligible for all of \[COMPANY NAME\] other benefit programs.

PROBATION is those whose performance is being evaluated to determine
whether further employment in a specific position or with \[COMPANY
NAME\] is appropriate. Employees who satisfactorily complete the
probation period will be notified of their new employment
classification.

CONTRACTUAL employees are those who are hired as interim replacements,
to temporarily supplement the work force, or to assist in the completion
of a specific project. Employment assignments in this category are of a
limited duration. Employment beyond any initially stated period does not
in any way imply a change in employment status. Temporary employees
retain that status unless and until notified of a change. While
temporary employees receive all legally mandated benefits (such as CSST
and unemployment insurance), they are ineligible for all of \[COMPANY
NAME\] other benefit programs.

[CASUAL employees are those who have established an employment
relationship with \[COMPANY NAME\] but who are assigned to work on an
intermittent and/or unpredictable basis. While they receive all legally
mandated benefits (such as CSST and unemployment insurance), they are
ineligible for all of \[COMPANY NAME\] other benefit
programs.]{.underline}

## [[3.2]{#_Toc17086371}[ ]{#_Toc17086371}[ACCESS TO PERSONNEL FILES]{#_Toc17086371}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] maintains a personnel file on each employee. The
personnel file includes such information as the employee\'s job
application, resume, records of training, documentation of performance
appraisals and salary increases, and other employment records.

Personnel files are the property of \[COMPANY NAME\], and access to the
information they contain is restricted. Generally, only supervisors and
management personnel of \[COMPANY NAME\] who have a legitimate reason to
review information in a file are allowed to do so.

[Employees who wish to review their own file should contact the \[HUMAN
RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\]. With reasonable advance notice,
employees may review their own personnel files in \[COMPANY NAME\]
offices and in the presence of an individual appointed by \[COMPANY
NAME\] to maintain the files.]{.underline}

## [[3.3]{#_Toc17086372}[ ]{#_Toc17086372}[PERSONNEL DATA CHANGES]{#_Toc17086372}]{.underline}

[It is the responsibility of each employee to promptly notify \[COMPANY
NAME\] of any changes in personnel data. Personal mailing addresses,
telephone numbers, number and names of dependents, individuals to be
contacted in the event of emergency, educational accomplishments, and
other such status reports should be accurate and current at all times.
If any personnel data has changed, notify the \[HUMAN RESOURCES
DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\].]{.underline}

## [[3.4]{#_Toc17086373}[ ]{#_Toc17086373}[PROBATION PERIOD]{#_Toc17086373}]{.underline}

The probation period is intended to give new employees the opportunity
to demonstrate their ability to achieve a satisfactory level of
performance and to determine whether the new position meets their
expectations. \[COMPANY NAME\] uses this period to evaluate employee
capabilities, work habits, and overall performance.

All new and rehired employees work on a probation basis for the first 90
calendar days after their date of hire. Any significant absence will
automatically extend the probation period by the length of the absence.
If \[COMPANY NAME\] determines that the designated probation period does
not allow sufficient time to thoroughly evaluate the employee\'s
performance, the probation period may be extended for a specified
period.

Upon satisfactory completion of the probation period, employees enter
the \"regular\" employment classification.

[During the probation period, new employees are eligible for those
benefits that are required by law, such as unemployment insurance and
Social Security. After becoming regular employees, they may also be
eligible for other \[COMPANY NAME\]-provided benefits, subject to the
terms and conditions of each benefits program. Employees should read the
information for each specific benefits program for the details on
eligibility requirements.]{.underline}

## [[3.5]{#_Toc17086374}[ ]{#_Toc17086374}[EMPLOYMENT APPLICATIONS]{#_Toc17086374}]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] relies upon the accuracy of information contained in
the employment application, as well as the accuracy of other data
presented throughout the hiring process and employment. Any
misrepresentations, falsifications, or material omissions in any of this
information or data may result in the exclusion of the individual from
further consideration for employment or, if the person has been hired,
termination of employment.]{.underline}

## [[3.6]{#_Toc17086375}[ ]{#_Toc17086375}[PERFORMANCE EVALUATION]{#_Toc17086375}]{.underline}

Supervisors and employees are strongly encouraged to discuss job
performance and goals on an informal, day-to-day basis. Additional
formal performance evaluations are conducted to provide both supervisors
and employees the opportunity to discuss job tasks, identify and correct
weaknesses, encourage and recognize strengths, and discuss positive,
purposeful approaches for meeting goals.

After the employee has completed his probation period of 3 months, the
immediate supervisor evaluates the performance of the employee and makes
necessary adjustments if necessary.

[The annual salary review of all employees is based on performance and
is evaluated beginning the month of \[MONTH\] and effective \[MONTH\]
\[DAY\] of the current year. ]{.underline}

## [[3.7]{#_Toc17086376}[ ]{#_Toc17086376}[JOB DESCRIPTIONS]{#_Toc17086376}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] makes every effort to create and maintain accurate job
descriptions for all positions within the organization. Each description
includes a job information section, a job summary section (giving a
general overview of the job\'s purpose), an essential duties and
responsibilities section, a supervisory responsibilities section, a
qualifications section (including education and/or experience, language
skills, mathematical skills, reasoning ability, and any certification
required), a physical demands section, and a work environment section.

\[COMPANY NAME\] maintains job descriptions to aid in orienting new
employees to their jobs, identifying the requirements of each position,
establishing hiring criteria, setting standards for employee performance
evaluations, and establishing a basis for making reasonable
accommodations for individuals with disabilities.

The \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] and the hiring manager
prepare job descriptions when new positions are created. Existing job
descriptions are also reviewed and revised in order to ensure that they
are up to date. Job descriptions may also be rewritten periodically to
reflect any changes in the position\'s duties and responsibilities. All
employees will be expected to help ensure that their job descriptions
are accurate and current, reflecting the work being done.

[Employees should remember that job descriptions do not necessarily
cover every task or duty that might be assigned, and that additional
responsibilities may be assigned as necessary. Contact the \[HUMAN
RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] if you have any questions or concerns
about your job description.]{.underline}

## [[3.8]{#_Toc17086377}[ ]{#_Toc17086377}[SALARY ADMINISTRATION]{#_Toc17086377}]{.underline}

The salary administration program at \[COMPANY NAME\] was created to
achieve consistent pay practices, comply with federal and provincial
laws, mirror our commitment to Equal Employment Opportunity, and offer
competitive salaries within our labor market. Because recruiting and
retaining talented employees is critical to our success, \[COMPANY
NAME\] is committed to paying its employees equitable wages that reflect
the requirements and responsibilities of their positions and are
comparable to the pay received by similarly situated employees in other
organizations in the area.

Compensation for every position is determined by several factors,
including job analysis and evaluation, the essential duties and
responsibilities of the job, and salary survey data on pay practices of
other employers. \[COMPANY NAME\] periodically reviews its salary
administration program and restructures it as necessary. Merit-based pay
adjustments may be awarded in conjunction with superior employee
performance documented by the performance evaluation process. Incentive
bonuses may be awarded depending on the overall profitability of
\[COMPANY NAME\] and based on each employee\'s individual contributions
to the organization.

[Employees should bring their pay-related questions or concerns to the
attention of their immediate supervisors, who are responsible for the
fair administration of departmental pay practices. The accounting
department is also available to answer specific questions about the
salary administration program.]{.underline}

# [[4.]{#_Toc17086378}[ ]{#_Toc17086378}EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS]{.underline}

## [[4.1]{#_Toc17086379}[ ]{#_Toc17086379}[EMPLOYEE BENEFITS]{#_Toc17086379}]{.underline}

Eligible employees at \[COMPANY NAME\] are provided a wide range of
benefits. A number of the programs (such as unemployment insurance)
cover all employees in the manner prescribed by law.

Benefits eligibility is dependent upon a variety of factors, including
employee classification. Your supervisor can identify the programs for
which you are eligible. Details of many of these programs can be found
elsewhere in the employee handbook.

The following benefit programs are available to eligible employees:

[Eligible employees are provided with the following benefits (see the
\[NAME OF YOUR GROUP INSURANCE COMPANY\] benefits program
handbook):]{.underline}

[ \* Medical Insurance ]{.underline}

[ \* Life Insurance ]{.underline}

[ \* Long-Term Disability ]{.underline}

[The \[NAME OF YOUR GROUP INSURANCE COMPANY\] benefit programs require
contributions from the employee of \[PERCENT\] % of the applicable
premiums. ]{.underline}

## [[4.2]{#_Toc17086380}[ ]{#_Toc17086380}[VACATION BENEFITS]{#_Toc17086380}]{.underline}

Paid annual vacation is available to eligible employees to provide
opportunities for rest, relaxation, and personal pursuits. All employees
are eligible to earn and use vacation time as described in this policy:

The amount of paid vacation time employees receive each year increases
with the length of their employment as shown in the following schedule:

-   [Upon initial eligibility, the employee is entitled to a maximum of
    \[NUMBER\] vacation days each year or one vacation day per month of
    service to a maximum of \[NUMBER\] days, if the employee has less
    than 1 year of service as of the end of the reference period, which
    is calculated from \[FROM DATE\] to \[TO DATE\]. ]{.underline}

-   [After \[NUMBER\] years of eligible service, the employee is
    entitled to \[NUMBER\] vacation days each year.]{.underline}

-   [After \[NUMBER\] years of eligible service, the employee is
    entitled to \[NUMBER\] vacation days each year.]{.underline}

[Once employees enter an eligible employment classification, they begin
to earn paid vacation time according to the schedule. However, before
vacation time can be used, a waiting period of 90 calendar days must be
completed. After that time, employees can request use of earned vacation
time including that accrued during the waiting period.]{.underline}

[Paid vacation time can be used in minimum increments of one day. To
take vacation, employees should request advance approval from their
supervisors. Requests will be reviewed based on a number of factors,
including business needs and staffing requirements.]{.underline}

[Vacation time off is paid at the employee\'s pay rate at the time of
vacation. It includes overtime or any special forms of compensation such
as incentives, commissions, bonuses, or shift differentials. It does not
include Christmas bonuses or gifts. ]{.underline}

[As stated above, employees are encouraged to use available paid
vacation time for rest, relaxation, and personal pursuits. In the event
that available vacation is not used by the end of the reference period,
the balance of unused vacation \[WILL OR WILL NOT\] be paid out to the
employee. ]{.underline}

[Upon termination of employment, employees will be paid for unused
vacation time that has been earned through the last day of
work.]{.underline}

## [[4.3]{#_Toc17086381}[ ]{#_Toc17086381}[HOLIDAYS]{#_Toc17086381}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] will grant holiday time off to all employees on the
holidays listed below:

-   [\[LIST YOUR COUNTRY HOLIDAYS\]]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] will grant paid holiday time off to all eligible
employees immediately upon assignment to an eligible employment
classification. Holiday pay will be calculated based on the employee\'s
straight-time pay rate (as of the date of the holiday) times the number
of hours the employee would otherwise have worked on that day. Eligible
employee classification(s): ]{.underline}

-   [All employees who have worked a minimum of 60 days.]{.underline}

[To be eligible for holiday pay, employees must work the last scheduled
day immediately proceeding and the first scheduled day immediately
following the holiday. ]{.underline}

A statutory holiday that falls on a Saturday will be observed on the
preceding Friday or in the case it falls on a Sunday will be observed on
the following Monday.

If a statutory holiday falls during an eligible employee\'s paid absence
(such as vacation or sick leave), holiday pay will be provided instead
of the paid time off benefit that would otherwise have applied.

If eligible nonexempt employees work on a recognized holiday, they will
receive holiday pay plus wages at one and one-half times their
straight-time rate for the hours worked on the holiday.

[Paid time off for holidays will not be counted as hours worked for the
purposes of determining overtime.]{.underline}

## [[4.4]{#_Toc17086382}[ ]{#_Toc17086382}[WORKERS INSURANCE]{#_Toc17086382}]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] provides \[BASIC EMPLOYMENT INSURANCE\] insurance
program at no cost to employees. This program covers any injury or
illness sustained in the course of employment that requires medical,
surgical, or hospital treatment. Subject to applicable legal
requirements, workers\' compensation insurance provides benefits after a
short waiting period or, if the employee is hospitalized, immediately.
]{.underline}

[Employees who sustain work-related injuries or illnesses should inform
their supervisor immediately. No matter how minor an on-the-job injury
may appear, it is important that it be reported immediately. This will
enable an eligible employee to qualify for coverage as quickly as
possible. ]{.underline}

[Neither \[COMPANY NAME\] nor the insurance carrier will be liable for
the payment of workers\' compensation benefits for injuries that occur
during an employee\'s voluntary participation in any off-duty
recreational, social, or athletic activity sponsored by \[COMPANY
NAME\].]{.underline}

## [[4.5]{#_Toc17086383}[ ]{#_Toc17086383}[SICK LEAVE BENEFITS]{#_Toc17086383}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] provides paid sick leave benefits to all eligible
employees for periods of temporary absence due to illnesses or injuries.
Eligible employee classification(s):

[ \* Regular full-time employees ]{.underline}

[Eligible employees will accrue on a pro-rated basis sick leave benefits
at the rate of 5 days per year. Sick leave benefits are calculated based
on a \"calendar year,\" the 12-month period that begins when the
employee starts to earn sick leave benefits.]{.underline}

[Paid sick leave can be used in minimum increments of one half-day. An
eligible employee may use sick leave benefits for an absence due to his
or her own illness or injury, or that of a child, parent, or spouse of
the employee. ]{.underline}

[Employees who are unable to report to work due to illness or injury
should notify their direct supervisor before the scheduled start of
their workday if possible. The direct supervisor must also be contacted
on each additional day of absence. If an employee is absent for three or
more consecutive days due to illness or injury, a physician\'s statement
may need to be provided verifying the disability and its beginning and
expected ending dates. Such verification may be requested for other sick
leave absences as well and may be required as a condition to receiving
sick leave benefits. ]{.underline}

[Sick leave benefits will be calculated based on the employee\'s base
pay rate at the time of absence and will not include any special forms
of compensation, such as incentives, commissions, bonuses, or shift
differentials. As an additional condition of eligibility for sick leave
benefits, an employee on an extended absence must apply for any other
available compensation and benefits, such as \[BASIC EMPLOYMENT
INSURANCE\]. Sick leave benefits will be used to supplement any payments
that an employee is eligible to receive from provincial disability
insurance, workers\' compensation or \[COMPANY NAME\]-provided
disability insurance programs. The combination of any such disability
payments and sick leave benefits cannot exceed the employee\'s normal
weekly earnings.]{.underline}

[Sick leave benefits are intended solely to provide income protection in
the event of illness or injury, and may not be used for any other
absence. Unused sick leave benefits will be paid to the active employees
at the end of the calendar year. Employees who quit or that are
terminated are not entitled to be paid any unused sick days upon
termination of employment. ]{.underline}

## [[4.6]{#_Toc17086384}[ ]{#_Toc17086384}[BEREAVEMENT LEAVE]{#_Toc17086384}]{.underline}

Employees who require taking time off due to the death of an immediate
family member should notify their supervisor immediately.

[Paid bereavement leave will be provided to employees having worked 60
calendar days for \[COMPANY NAME\]:]{.underline}

a.  [Five (5) working days in the case of the death of an employee\'s
    spouse, child or the employee\'s spouse\'s child.]{.underline}

b.  [Three (3) working days in the case of the death of an employee\'s
    father, mother, sister or brother.]{.underline}

c.  [One (1) working day in the case of the death of an employee's
    grandfather, grandmother, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece, son-in-law,
    daughter-in-law, father-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law,
    sister-in-law, grandson, grand-daughter (except the uncle, the aunt,
    the brother-in-law, the sister-in-law, the grandfather, the
    grandmother, the nephew and the niece of the spouse). ]{.underline}

[Bereavement pay is calculated based on the base pay rate at the time of
absence and will not include any special forms of compensation, such as
incentives, commissions, bonuses, or shift differentials. The employees
on leave without balance, of maternity, disease, in preventive
withdrawal, parental leave, will not be able to prevail themselves of
this benefit.]{.underline}

Bereavement leave will normally be granted unless there are unusual
business needs or staffing requirements. Employees may, with their
supervisors\' approval, use any available paid leave for additional time
off as necessary.

## [[4.7]{#_Toc17086385}[ ]{#_Toc17086385}[RELOCATION BENEFITS]{#_Toc17086385}]{.underline}

When \[COMPANY NAME\] asks employees to relocate to a new area, certain
relocation benefits may be provided to facilitate the transition.
Relocation may be available to any eligible transferred employee who
must relocate in order to reside within 45 miles of the new place of
work. For specific information regarding the terms and extent of
relocation benefits, discuss with your immediate supervisor.

[Employees must request relocation assistance for specific items in
advance of the date the expenses are incurred. \[COMPANY NAME\] will
reimburse expenses only if the employee has received advance approval,
incurs reasonable expenses, and submits satisfactory proof of the
expense within 30 calendar days of the date the expense was incurred.
]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] extends these relocation benefits in an effort to
contribute to the success of every employee\'s relocation. However, if
an employee separates from \[COMPANY NAME\] service within one year of
the relocation, the amount of the relocation reimbursement will be
considered only a loan. Accordingly, the employee will be asked to
reimburse all relocation expense.]{.underline}

## [[4.8]{#_Toc17086386}[ ]{#_Toc17086386}[EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE]{#_Toc17086386}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] recognizes that the skills and knowledge of its
employees are critical to the success of the organization. The
educational assistance program encourages personal development through
formal education so that employees can maintain and improve job-related
skills or enhance their ability to compete for reasonably attainable
jobs within \[COMPANY NAME\].

\[COMPANY NAME\] will provide educational assistance to all eligible
employees immediately upon assignment to an eligible employment
classification. To maintain eligibility employees must remain on the
active payroll and be performing their job satisfactorily through
completion of each course. Only Regular full-time employees are eligible
for educational assistance.

Employees should contact their immediate supervisor or the \[HUMAN
RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] for more information or questions about
educational assistance.

[While educational assistance is expected to enhance employees'
performance and professional abilities, \[COMPANY NAME\] cannot
guarantee that participation in formal education will entitle the
employee to automatic advancement, a different job assignment, or pay
increases.]{.underline}

## [[4.9]{#_Toc17086387}[ ]{#_Toc17086387}[HEALTH INSURANCE]{#_Toc17086387}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] health insurance plan provides employees and their
dependents access to medical insurance benefits. Employees in the
following employment classifications are eligible to participate in the
health insurance plan:

-   [Regular full-time employees]{.underline}

[Eligible employees may participate in the health insurance plan subject
to all terms and conditions of the agreement between \[COMPANY NAME\]
and the insurance carrier.]{.underline}

[Details of the health insurance plan are described in the \[NAME OF
YOUR GROUP INSURANCE COMPANY\] provided at the end of this document.
Information on cost of coverage will be provided in advance of
enrollment to eligible employees. Contact the \[HUMAN RESOURCES
DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] for more information about health insurance
benefits.]{.underline}

## [[4.10]{#_Toc17086388}[ ]{#_Toc17086388}[LIFE INSURANCE]{#_Toc17086388}]{.underline}

Life insurance offers you and your family important financial
protection. \[COMPANY NAME\] provides a basic life insurance plan for
eligible employees.

Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) insurance provides protection
in cases of serious injury or death resulting from an accident. AD&D
insurance coverage is provided as part of the basic life insurance plan.

Employees in the following employment classifications are eligible to
participate in the life insurance plan:

-   [Regular full-time employees ]{.underline}

[Eligible employees may participate in the life insurance plan subject
to all terms and conditions of the agreement between \[COMPANY NAME\]
and the insurance carrier. Details of the basic life insurance plan
including benefit amounts are described in the \[NAME OF YOUR GROUP
INSURANCE COMPANY\] guide provided to eligible employees. Contact the
\[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] for more information about life
insurance benefits.]{.underline}

## [[4.11]{#_Toc17086389}[ ]{#_Toc17086389}[LONG-TERM DISABILITY]{#_Toc17086389}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] provides a long-term disability (LTD) benefits plan to
help eligible employees cope with an illness or injury that results in a
long-term absence from employment. LTD is designed to ensure a
continuing income for employees who are disabled and unable to work.

Employees in the following employment classifications are eligible to
participate in the LTD plan:

-   [Regular full-time employees ]{.underline}

[Eligible employees may participate in the LTD plan subject to all terms
and conditions of the agreement between \[COMPANY NAME\] and the
insurance carrier NAME OF YOUR GROUP INSURANCE COMPANY\]. ]{.underline}

[Details of the LTD benefits plan including benefit amounts, and
limitations and restrictions are described in the \[NAME OF YOUR GROUP
INSURANCE COMPANY\] provided to eligible employees. Contact the \[HUMAN
RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] for more information about LTD
benefits.]{.underline}

## [[4.12]{#_Toc17086390}[ ]{#_Toc17086390}[MARRIAGE, MATERNITY AND PARENTAL LEAVE]{#_Toc17086390}]{.underline}

####### [MARRIAGE]{.underline}

[One (1) paid working day off is allowed for the marriage of the
employee or one of his children. An employee may take one (1) day leave
of absence for the marriage of a parent, brother, sister or child of
joint sound.]{.underline}

####### [MATERNITY LEAVE ADMISSIBILITY]{.underline}

**[The employee is entitled to a maternity leave according
]{.underline}[to: ]{.underline}**

Current Government legislation entitles employees to a combined
Maternity/Parental leave, without pay, of up to 52 weeks. However,
during this leave of absence, employees may be eligible to receive
\[EMPLOYEMENT INSURANCE\] benefits in accordance with \[EMPLOYEMENT
INSURANCE\] eligibility rules. Employees that wish to benefit from
Parental Leave only are entitled to a leave of absence, without pay, of
up to 37 weeks.

**[Notice:]{.underline}**

[a) The employee must provide in writing to the company, at least three
weeks in advance the date of the beginning of her maternity leave and
the date envisaged of her return to work. A medical certificate
attesting of the date envisaged of the birth must accompany the
notice.]{.underline}

b.  [The notice can be less than 3 weeks if the medical certificate
    attests need for the employee to cease working within a less time.
    If physical dangers are possible, the employee will be assigned to
    other tasks while preserving the rights and preferences connected to
    her regular position.]{.underline}

**[Complications:]{.underline}**

[If the employee or the child suffers from complications preventing the
return to work at the end of the maternity leave, the employee will have
to forward a medical certificate to the company. The employee will be
entitled to a prolongation of her maternity leave, which can reach a 52
weeks maximum including the parental leave.]{.underline}

**Return to work:**

a.  [The employee must provide in writing to management the expected
    date of her return to work and this, three (3) weeks before
    returning from his maternity leave or parental.]{.underline}

b.  [The employee who does not present himself to work five (5) days
    after the expiration of his maternity leave or parental leave may be
    known to have resigned.]{.underline}

c.  [The direction can require of the employee who returns to work
    two (2) weeks after her childbirth, the production of a medical
    certificate attesting of its sufficient re-establishment to resume
    work.]{.underline}

d.  [At the end of its maternity leave, or parental leave not exceeding
    12 weeks, the employee will be reinstalled in her regular function
    and it will be entitled to all the advantages of which it would have
    profited if she had remained with work.]{.underline}

e.  [If the regular job of the employee does not exist any more on her
    return, the direction will recognize all the rights and preferences
    that she would have profited at the time from disappearance of her
    job if she had then been with work.]{.underline}

**[Miscarriage:]{.underline}**

a.  [In the event of miscarriage, the employee as soon as possible must
    deliver to the direction a notice accompanied by a medical
    certificate attesting of the miscarriage or the
    urgency.]{.underline}

b.  [When a danger of miscarriage requires a stop of work, the employee
    is entitled to a special maternity leave of the duration prescribed
    by the medical certificate, which attests existing
    danger.]{.underline}

c.  [When occurs a miscarriage before the beginning of the twentieth
    (20th) week preceding the date envisaged of the childbirth, the
    employee is entitled to a sick leave.]{.underline}

d.  [If an employee is confined of a child dead-born after the twentieth
    (20th) week preceding the date envisaged of the birth, she is
    entitled to the maternity leave of eighteen (18) weeks.]{.underline}

**[Special maternity leave:]{.underline}**

[When there is a danger of miscarriage, or a danger to the health of the
mother or of the child to come caused by pregnancy and requiring a stop
of work, the employee is entitled to a special maternity leave of the
duration prescribed by the medical certificate which attests existing
danger and which indicates the date envisaged of the
childbirth.]{.underline}

**[Preventive withdrawal:]{.underline}**

[When there is a danger of miscarriage, or a danger to the health of the
mother or the child to come caused by the working conditions, the
employee must ask to be assigned to tasks not involving such dangers. If
the direction cannot offer other tasks, the employee can then make the
request for a preventive withdrawal. The maternity leave will then begin
at the date envisaged from the childbirth. ]{.underline}

####### [BIRTH OF A CHILD OR ADOPTION]{.underline}

[Two (2) paid working days off during the birth of the employee's child
or of the adoption of a child (leave of paternity) other that those of
joint sound. Moreover, the employee can prevail himself of a leave
without balance of three (3) days. This leave can be split but must be
taken in the 15 following days of the arrival of the child at the
house.]{.underline}

# [[5.]{#_Toc17086391}[ ]{#_Toc17086391}TIMEKEEPING / PAYROLL]{.underline}

## [[5.1]{#_Toc17086392}[ ]{#_Toc17086392}[TIMEKEEPING]{#_Toc17086392}]{.underline}

Accurately recording time worked is the responsibility of every
nonexempt employee. Federal and state/provincial laws require \[COMPANY
NAME\] to keep an accurate record of time worked in order to calculate
employee pay and benefits. Time worked is all the time actually spent on
the job performing assigned duties.

Altering, falsifying, tampering with time records, or recording time on
another employee\'s time record may result in disciplinary action, up to
and including termination of employment.

[If corrections or modifications are made to the time record, both the
employee and the supervisor must verify the accuracy of the changes by
initialing the time record.]{.underline}

## [[5.2]{#_Toc17086393}[ ]{#_Toc17086393}[PAYDAYS]{#_Toc17086393}]{.underline}

All employees are paid \[PAY FREQUENCY\] on every other \[DAY OF THE
WEEK\]. Each paycheck will include earnings for all work performed
through the end of the previous payroll period.

In the event that a regularly scheduled payday falls on a day off such
as a weekend or holiday, employees will receive pay on the last day of
work before the regularly scheduled payday.

[Employees may have pay directly deposited into their bank accounts if
they provide advance written authorization to \[COMPANY NAME\].
Employees will receive an itemized statement of wages when \[COMPANY
NAME\] makes direct deposits.]{.underline}

## [[5.3]{#_Toc17086394}[ ]{#_Toc17086394}[EMPLOYMENT TERMINATION]{#_Toc17086394}]{.underline}

[Termination of employment is an inevitable part of personnel activity
within any organization, and many of the reasons for termination are
routine. Below are examples of some of the most common circumstances
under which employment is terminated: ]{.underline}

-   [Resignation - voluntary employment termination initiated by an
    employee. ]{.underline}

-   [Discharge - involuntary employment termination initiated by the
    organization. ]{.underline}

-   [Layoff - involuntary employment termination initiated by the
    organization for non-disciplinary reasons. ]{.underline}

-   [Retirement - voluntary employment termination initiated by the
    employee meeting age, length of service, and any other criteria for
    retirement from the organization.]{.underline}

## [[5.4]{#_Toc17086395}[ ]{#_Toc17086395}[ADMINISTRATIVE PAY CORRECTIONS]{#_Toc17086395}]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] takes all reasonable steps to ensure that employees
receive the correct amount of pay in each paycheck and that employees
are paid promptly on the scheduled payday.]{.underline}

[In the unlikely event that there is an error for pay, the employee
should promptly bring the discrepancy to the attention of the
\[CONTROLLER OR OTHER\] so that corrections can be made as quickly as
possible.]{.underline}

# [[6.]{#_Toc17086396}[ ]{#_Toc17086396}WORK CONDITIONS AND HOURS]{.underline}

## [[6.1]{#_Toc17086397}[ ]{#_Toc17086397}[WORK SCHEDULES]{#_Toc17086397}]{.underline}

The normal work schedule for all employees is 8 hours a day, Monday to
Friday. Supervisors will advise employees of the times their schedules
will normally begin and end. Staffing needs and operational demands may
necessitate variations in starting and ending times, as well as
variations in the total hours that may be scheduled each day and week.

[Flexible scheduling, or flextime, is available in some cases to allow
employees to vary their starting and ending times each day within
established limits. Flextime may be possible if a mutually workable
schedule can be negotiated with the supervisor involved. However, such
issues as staffing needs, the employee\'s performance, and the nature of
the job will be considered before approval of flextime. Employees should
consult their supervisor to request participation in the flextime
program.]{.underline}

## [[6.2]{#_Toc17086398}[ ]{#_Toc17086398}[USE OF PHONE AND MAIL SYSTEMS]{#_Toc17086398}]{.underline}

[Personal use of the telephone for long-distance and toll calls is not
permitted. Employees should practice discretion when making local
personal calls and may be required to reimburse \[COMPANY NAME\] for any
charges resulting from their personal use of the telephone.
]{.underline}

The use of \[COMPANY NAME\]-paid postage for personal correspondence is
not permitted.

[To ensure effective telephone communications, employees should always
use an approved greeting and speak in a courteous and professional
manner. Please confirm information received from the caller, and hang up
only after the caller has done so.]{.underline}

## [[6.3]{#_Toc17086399}[ ]{#_Toc17086399}[SMOKING]{#_Toc17086399}]{.underline}

In keeping with \[COMPANY NAME\] intent to provide a safe and healthful
work environment, smoking is prohibited throughout the workplace.

[This policy applies equally to all employees, customers, and
visitors.]{.underline}

## [[6.4]{#_Toc17086400}[ ]{#_Toc17086400}[MEAL PERIODS]{#_Toc17086400}]{.underline}

[All employees are provided with one meal period of 60 minutes in length
each workday. Supervisors will schedule meal periods to accommodate
operating requirements. Employees will be relieved of all active
responsibilities and restrictions during meal periods and will not be
compensated for that time.]{.underline}

## [[6.5]{#_Toc17086401}[ ]{#_Toc17086401}[OVERTIME]{#_Toc17086401}]{.underline}

When operating requirements or other needs cannot be met during regular
working hours, employees will be given the opportunity to volunteer for
overtime work assignments. All overtime work must receive the
supervisor\'s prior authorization. Overtime assignments will be
distributed as equitably as practical to all employees qualified to
perform the required work.

[Overtime compensation is paid to all non-exempt employees in accordance
with federal and provincial wage and hour restrictions. Overtime pay is
based on actual hours worked. Time off on sick leave, vacation leave, or
any leave of absence will not be considered hours worked for purposes of
performing overtime calculations. Failure to work scheduled overtime or
overtime worked without prior authorization from the supervisor may
result in disciplinary action, up to and including possible termination
of employment.]{.underline}

## [[6.6]{#_Toc17086402}[ ]{#_Toc17086402}[USE OF EQUIPMENT]{#_Toc17086402}]{.underline}

Equipment essential in accomplishing job duties is often expensive and
may be difficult to replace. When using property, employees are expected
to exercise care, perform required maintenance, and follow all operating
instructions, safety standards, and guidelines.

Please notify the supervisor if any equipment, machines, or tools appear
to be damaged, defective, or in need of repair. Prompt reporting of
damages, defects, and the need for repairs could prevent deterioration
of equipment and possible injury to employees or others. The supervisor
can answer any questions about an employee\'s responsibility for
maintenance and care of equipment used on the job.

[The improper, careless, negligent, destructive, or unsafe use or
operation of equipment can result in disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.]{.underline}

## [[6.7]{#_Toc17086403}[ ]{#_Toc17086403}[EMERGENCY CLOSING]{#_Toc17086403}]{.underline}

At times, emergencies such as severe weather, fires or power failures,
can disrupt company operations. In extreme cases, these circumstances
may require the closing of a work facility.

When operations are officially closed due to emergency conditions, the
time off from scheduled work will be unpaid. However, with supervisory
approval, employees may use available paid leave time, such as unused
vacation benefits.

[In cases where an emergency closing is not authorized, employees who
fail to report for work will not be paid for the time off. Employees in
essential operations may be asked to work on a day when operations are
officially closed. In these circumstances, employees who work will
receive regular pay.]{.underline}

## [[6.8]{#_Toc17086404}[ ]{#_Toc17086404}[BUSINESS TRAVEL EXPENSES]{#_Toc17086404}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] will reimburse employees for reasonable business travel
expenses incurred while on assignments away from the normal work
location. All business travel must be approved in advance by the
immediate supervisor.

Employees whose travel plans have been approved should make all travel
arrangements through \[COMPANY NAME\] travel department. When approved,
the actual costs of travel, meals, lodging, and other expenses directly
related to accomplishing business travel objectives will be reimbursed
by \[COMPANY NAME\]. Employees are expected to limit expenses to
reasonable amounts.

Expenses that generally will be reimbursed include the following:

-   [Airfare or train fare for travel in coach or economy class or the
    lowest available fare. ]{.underline}

-   [Car rental fees, only for compact or mid-sized cars. ]{.underline}

-   [Fares for shuttle or airport bus service, where available; costs of
    public transportation for other ground travel. ]{.underline}

-   [Taxi fares, only when there is no less expensive alternative.
    ]{.underline}

-   [Mileage costs for use of personal cars, only when less expensive
    transportation is not available. ]{.underline}

-   [Cost of standard accommodations in low to mid-priced hotels,
    motels, or similar lodgings. ]{.underline}

-   [Cost of meals, no more lavish than would be eaten at the
    employee\'s own expense. ]{.underline}

-   [Tips, not exceeding 15% of the total cost of a meal or 10% of a
    taxi fare. ]{.underline}

-   [Charges for telephone calls, fax, and similar services required for
    business purposes. ]{.underline}

-   [Charges for one personal telephone call each day. ]{.underline}

-   [Charges for laundry and valet services, only on trips of five or
    more days. (Personal entertainment and personal care items are not
    reimbursed.)]{.underline}

[Employees are encouraged to use their cellular telephone or calling
cards when traveling, as hotel charges are excessive.]{.underline}

[Employees who are involved in an accident while traveling on business
must promptly report the incident to their immediate supervisor.
Vehicles owned, leased, or rented by \[COMPANY NAME\] may not be used
for personal use without prior approval. ]{.underline}

[Cash advances of \$250.00/day to cover reasonable anticipated expenses
may be made to employees, after travel has been approved. Employees
should submit a written request to their supervisor when travel advances
are needed]{.underline}**[. ]{.underline}**

[When travel is completed, employees should submit completed travel
expense reports within 30 days. Reports should be accompanied by
receipts for all individual expenses. ]{.underline}

[Employees should contact their supervisor for guidance and assistance
on procedures related to travel arrangements, travel advances, expense
reports, reimbursement for specific expenses, or any other business
travel issues.]{.underline}

[Abuse of this business travel expenses policy, including falsifying
expense reports to reflect costs not incurred by the employee, can be
grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment.]{.underline}

## [[6.9]{#_Toc17086405}[ ]{#_Toc17086405}[VISITORS IN THE WORKPLACE]{#_Toc17086405}]{.underline}

To provide for the safety and security of employees and the facilities
at \[COMPANY NAME\], only authorized visitors are allowed in the
workplace. Restricting unauthorized visitors helps maintain safety
standards, protects against theft, ensures security of equipment,
protects confidential information, safeguards employee welfare, and
avoids potential distractions and disturbances.

All visitors should enter \[COMPANY NAME\] at the reception area.
Authorized visitors will receive directions or be escorted to their
destination. Employees are responsible for the conduct and safety of
their visitors.

[If an unauthorized individual is observed on \[COMPANY NAME\] premises,
employees should immediately notify their supervisor or, if necessary,
direct the individual to the reception area.]{.underline}

## [[6.10]{#_Toc17086406}[ ]{#_Toc17086406}[COMPUTER AND E-MAIL USAGE]{#_Toc17086406}]{.underline}

[Computers, computer files, the e-mail system, and software furnished to
employees are \[COMPANY NAME\] property intended for business use.
Employees should not use a password, access a file, or retrieve any
stored communication without authorization. To ensure compliance with
this policy, computer and e-mail usage may be monitored.]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] strives to maintain a workplace free of harassment and
sensitive to the diversity of its employees. Therefore, \[COMPANY NAME\]
prohibits the use of computers and the e-mail system in ways that are
disruptive, offensive to others, or harmful to morale.

For example, the display or transmission of sexually explicit images,
messages, and cartoons is not allowed. Other such misuse includes, but
is not limited to, ethnic slurs, racial comments, off-color jokes, or
anything that may be construed as harassment or showing disrespect for
others.

E-mail may not be used to solicit others for commercial ventures,
religious or political causes, outside organizations, or other
non-business matters.

## [[6.11]{#_Toc17086407}[ ]{#_Toc17086407}[INTERNET USAGE]{#_Toc17086407}]{.underline}

[Internet access to global electronic information resources on the World
Wide Web is provided by \[COMPANY NAME\] to assist employees in
obtaining work-related data and technology. The following guidelines
have been established to help ensure responsible and productive Internet
usage. While Internet usage is intended for job-related activities,
incidental and occasional brief personal use is permitted within
reasonable limits.]{.underline}

[All Internet data that is composed, transmitted, or received via our
computer communications systems is considered to be part of the official
records of \[COMPANY NAME\] and, as such, is subject to disclosure to
law enforcement or other third parties. Consequently, employees should
always ensure that the business information contained in Internet e-mail
messages and other transmissions is accurate, appropriate, ethical, and
lawful. ]{.underline}

[The equipment, services, and technology provided to access the Internet
remain at all times the property of \[COMPANY NAME\]. As such, \[COMPANY
NAME\] reserves the right to monitor Internet traffic, and retrieve and
read any data composed, sent, or received through our online connections
and stored in our computer systems.]{.underline}

[Data that is composed, transmitted, accessed, or received via the
Internet must not contain content that could be considered
discriminatory, offensive, obscene, threatening, harassing,
intimidating, or disruptive to any employee or other person. Examples of
unacceptable content may include, but are not limited to, sexual
comments or images, racial slurs, gender-specific comments, or any other
comments or images that could reasonably offend someone on the basis of
race, age, sex, religious or political beliefs, national origin,
disability, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by
law. ]{.underline}

[The unauthorized use, installation, copying, or distribution of
copyrighted, trademarked, or patented material on the Internet is
expressly prohibited. As a rule, if an employee did not create the
material, does not own the rights to it, or has not gotten authorization
for its use, it should not be put on the Internet. Employees are also
responsible for ensuring that the person sending any material over the
Internet has the appropriate distribution rights. ]{.underline}

[Internet users should take the necessary anti-virus precautions before
downloading or copying any file from the Internet. All downloaded files
are to be checked for viruses; all compressed files are to be checked
before and after decompression.]{.underline}

[Abuse of the Internet access provided by \[COMPANY NAME\] in violation
of law or \[COMPANY NAME\] policies will result in disciplinary action,
up to and including termination of employment. Employees may also be
held personally liable for any violations of this policy. The following
behaviors are examples of previously stated or additional actions and
activities that are prohibited and can result in disciplinary
action:]{.underline}

-   [Sending or posting discriminatory, harassing, or threatening
    messages or images ]{.underline}

-   [Using the organization\'s time and resources for personal gain
    ]{.underline}

-   [Stealing, using, or disclosing someone else\'s code or password
    without authorization ]{.underline}

-   [Copying, pirating, or downloading software and electronic files
    without permission ]{.underline}

-   [Sending or posting confidential material, trade secrets, or
    proprietary information outside of the organization ]{.underline}

-   [Violating copyright law ]{.underline}

-   [Failing to observe licensing agreements ]{.underline}

-   [Engaging in unauthorized transactions that may incur a cost to the
    organization or initiate unwanted Internet services and
    transmissions ]{.underline}

-   [Sending or posting messages or material that could damage the
    organization\'s image or reputation ]{.underline}

-   [Participating in the viewing or exchange of pornography or obscene
    materials ]{.underline}

-   [Sending or posting messages that defame or slander other
    individuals ]{.underline}

-   [Attempting to break into the computer system of another
    organization or person ]{.underline}

-   [Refusing to cooperate with a security investigation ]{.underline}

-   [Sending or posting chain letters, solicitations, or advertisements
    not related to business purposes or activities ]{.underline}

-   [Using the Internet for political causes or activities, religious
    activities, or any sort of gambling ]{.underline}

-   [Jeopardizing the security of the organization\'s electronic
    communications systems ]{.underline}

-   [Sending or posting messages that disparage another organization\'s
    products or services ]{.underline}

-   [Passing off personal views as representing those of the
    organization ]{.underline}

-   [Sending anonymous e-mail messages ]{.underline}

-   [Engaging in any other illegal activities]{.underline}

## [[6.12]{#_Toc17086408}[ ]{#_Toc17086408}[WORKPLACE MONITORING]{#_Toc17086408}]{.underline}

[Workplace monitoring may be conducted by \[COMPANY NAME\] to ensure
quality control, employee safety, security, and customer satisfaction.
]{.underline}

Employees who regularly communicate with customers may have their
telephone conversations monitored or recorded. Telephone monitoring is
used to identify and correct performance problems through targeted
training. Improved job performance enhances our customers\' image of
\[COMPANY NAME\] as well as their satisfaction with our service.

Computers furnished to employees are the property of \[COMPANY NAME\].
As such, computer usage and files may be monitored or accessed.

Employees can request access to information gathered through workplace
monitoring that may impact employment decisions. Access will be granted
unless there is a legitimate business reason to protect confidentiality
or an ongoing investigation.

[Because \[COMPANY NAME\] is sensitive to the legitimate privacy rights
of employees, every effort will be made to guarantee that workplace
monitoring is done in an ethical and respectful manner.]{.underline}

## [[6.13]{#_Toc17086409}[ ]{#_Toc17086409}[WORKPLACE VIOLENCE PREVENTION]{#_Toc17086409}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] is committed to preventing workplace violence and to
maintaining a safe work environment. Given the increasing violence in
society in general, \[COMPANY NAME\] has adopted the following
guidelines to deal with intimidation, harassment, or other threats of
(or actual) violence that may occur during business hours or on its
premises.

All employees, including supervisors and temporary employees, should be
treated with courtesy and respect at all times. Employees are expected
to refrain from fighting, \"horseplay,\" or other conduct that may be
dangerous to others.

Conduct that threatens, intimidates, or coerces another employee, a
customer, or a member of the public at any time, including off-duty
periods, will not be tolerated. This prohibition includes all acts of
harassment, including harassment that is based on an individual\'s sex,
race, age, or any characteristic protected by federal, provincial, or
local law.

All threats of (or actual) violence, both direct and indirect, should be
reported as soon as possible to your immediate supervisor or any other
member of management. This includes threats by employees, as well as
threats by customers, vendors, solicitors, or other members of the
public. When reporting a threat of violence, you should be as specific
and detailed as possible.

All suspicious individuals or activities should also be reported as soon
as possible to a supervisor. Do not place yourself in peril. If you see
or hear a commotion or disturbance near your workstation, do not try to
intercede or see what is happening.

\[COMPANY NAME\] will promptly and thoroughly investigate all reports of
threats of (or actual) violence and of suspicious individuals or
activities. The identity of the individual making a report will be
protected as much as is practical. In order to maintain workplace safety
and the integrity of its investigation, \[COMPANY NAME\] may suspend
employees, either with or without pay, pending investigation.

Anyone determined to be responsible for threats of (or actual) violence
or other conduct that is in violation of these guidelines will be
subject to prompt disciplinary action up to and including termination of
employment.

[\[COMPANY NAME\] encourages employees to bring their disputes or
differences with other employees to the attention of their supervisors
or the \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] before the situation
escalates into potential violence. \[COMPANY NAME\] is eager to assist
in the resolution of employee disputes, and will not discipline
employees for raising such concerns.]{.underline}

# [[7.]{#_Toc17086410}[ ]{#_Toc17086410}EMPLOYEE CONDUCT & DISCIPLINARY ACTION]{.underline}

## [[7.1]{#_Toc17086411}[ ]{#_Toc17086411}[EMPLOYEE CONDUCT AND WORK RULES]{#_Toc17086411}]{.underline}

[To ensure orderly operations and provide the best possible work
environment, \[COMPANY NAME\] expects employees to follow rules of
conduct that will protect the interests and safety of all employees and
the organization. ]{.underline}

It is not possible to list all the forms of behavior that are considered
unacceptable in the workplace. The following are examples of infractions
of rules of conduct that may result in disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment:

-   [Theft or inappropriate removal or possession of property
    ]{.underline}

-   [Falsification of timekeeping records ]{.underline}

-   [Working under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs
    ]{.underline}

-   [Possession, distribution, sale, transfer, or use of alcohol or
    illegal drugs in the workplace, while on duty, or while operating
    employer-owned vehicles or equipment ]{.underline}

-   [Fighting or threatening violence in the workplace ]{.underline}

-   [Boisterous or disruptive activity in the workplace ]{.underline}

-   [Negligence or improper conduct leading to damage of employer-owned
    or customer-owned property ]{.underline}

-   [Insubordination or other disrespectful conduct ]{.underline}

-   [Violation of safety or health rules ]{.underline}

-   [Sexual or other unlawful or unwelcome harassment ]{.underline}

-   [Possession of dangerous or unauthorized materials, such as
    explosives or firearms, in the workplace ]{.underline}

-   [Excessive absenteeism or any absence without notice ]{.underline}

-   [Unauthorized use of telephones, mail system, or other
    employer-owned equipment ]{.underline}

-   [Unauthorized disclosure of business \"secrets\" or confidential
    information ]{.underline}

-   [Violation of personnel policies ]{.underline}

-   [Unsatisfactory performance or conduct]{.underline}

## [[7.2]{#_Toc17086412}[ ]{#_Toc17086412}[SEXUAL AND OTHER UNLAWFUL HARASSMENT]{#_Toc17086412}]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] is committed to providing a work environment that is
free from all forms of discrimination and conduct that can be considered
harassing, coercive, or disruptive, including sexual harassment.
Actions, words, jokes, or comments based on an individual\'s sex, race,
color, national origin, age, religion, disability, or any other legally
protected characteristic will not be tolerated. ]{.underline}

Sexual harassment is defined as unwanted sexual advances, or visual,
verbal, or physical conduct of a sexual nature. This definition includes
many forms of offensive behavior and includes gender-based harassment of
a person of the same sex as the harasser. The following is a partial
list of sexual harassment examples:

-   [Unwanted sexual advances.]{.underline}

-   [Offering employment benefits in exchange for sexual
    favors.]{.underline}

-   [Making or threatening reprisals after a negative response to sexual
    advances.]{.underline}

-   [Visual conduct that includes leering, making sexual gestures, or
    displaying of sexually suggestive objects or pictures, cartoons or
    posters.]{.underline}

-   [Verbal conduct that includes making or using derogatory comments,
    epithets, slurs, or jokes.]{.underline}

-   [Verbal sexual advances or propositions.]{.underline}

-   [Verbal abuse of a sexual nature, graphic verbal commentaries about
    an individual\'s body, sexually degrading words, or suggestive or
    obscene letters or invitations.]{.underline}

-   [Physical conduct that includes touching, assaulting, or impeding or
    blocking movements.]{.underline}

[Unwelcome sexual advances (either verbal or physical), requests for
sexual favors, and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature
constitute sexual harassment when: ]{.underline}

1.  [submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly
    a term or condition of employment;]{.underline}

2.  [submission or rejection of the conduct is used as a basis for
    making employment decisions; or,]{.underline}

3.  [the conduct has the purpose or effect of interfering with work
    performance or creating an intimidating, hostile, or offensive work
    environment.]{.underline}

[If you experience or witness sexual or other unlawful harassment in the
workplace, report it immediately to your supervisor. If the supervisor
is unavailable or you believe it would be inappropriate to contact that
person, you should immediately contact the \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT
OR OTHER\] or any other member of management. You can raise concerns and
make reports without fear of reprisal or retaliation.]{.underline}

[All allegations of sexual harassment will be quickly and discreetly
investigated. To the extent possible, your confidentiality and that of
any witnesses and the alleged harasser will be protected against
unnecessary disclosure. When the investigation is completed, you will be
informed of the outcome of the investigation.]{.underline}

[Any supervisor or manager who becomes aware of possible sexual or other
unlawful harassment must immediately advise the \[HUMAN RESOURCES
DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] or any member of management so it can be
investigated in a timely and confidential manner. Anyone engaging in
sexual or other unlawful harassment will be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination of employment.]{.underline}

## [[7.3]{#_Toc17086413}[ ]{#_Toc17086413}[ATTENDANCE AND PUNCTUALITY]{#_Toc17086413}]{.underline}

To maintain a safe and productive work environment, \[COMPANY NAME\]
expects employees to be reliable and to be punctual in reporting for
scheduled work. Absenteeism and tardiness place a burden on other
employees and on \[COMPANY NAME\]. In the rare instances when employees
cannot avoid being late to work or are unable to work as scheduled, they
should notify their supervisor as soon as possible in advance of the
anticipated tardiness or absence. *Poor attendance and excessive
tardiness are disruptive. Either may lead to disciplinary action, up to
and including termination of employment.*

## [[7.4]{#_Toc17086414}[ ]{#_Toc17086414}[PERSONAL APPEARANCE]{#_Toc17086414}]{.underline}

Dress, grooming, and personal cleanliness standards contribute to the
morale of all employees and affect the business image \[COMPANY NAME\]
presents to customers and visitors.

During business hours or when representing \[COMPANY NAME\], you are
expected to present a clean, neat, and tasteful appearance. You should
dress and groom yourself according to the requirements of your position
and accepted social standards. This is particularly true if your job
involves dealing with customers or visitors in person.

Your supervisor or department head is responsible for establishing a
reasonable dress code appropriate to the job you perform. Consult your
supervisor if you have questions as to what constitutes appropriate
appearance. Where necessary, reasonable accommodation may be made to a
person with a disability.

[Without unduly restricting individual tastes, the following personal
appearance guidelines should be followed:]{.underline}

-   [Jeans, bermudas, t-shirt, and shorts do not present appropriate
    professional attire. ]{.underline}

-   [Unnaturally colored hair and extreme hairstyles, such as spiked
    hair and shaved heads, do not present an appropriate professional
    appearance. ]{.underline}

-   [Offensive body odor and poor personal hygiene is not professionally
    acceptable. ]{.underline}

-   [Facial jewelry, such as eyebrow rings, nose rings, lip rings, and
    tongue studs, is not professionally appropriate and must not be worn
    during business hours. ]{.underline}

-   [Multiple ear piercings (more than one ring in each ear) are not
    professionally appropriate and must not be worn during business
    hours. ]{.underline}

-   [Visible excessive tattoos and similar body art must be covered
    during business hours.]{.underline}

## [[7.5]{#_Toc17086415}[ ]{#_Toc17086415}[RETURN OF PROPERTY]{#_Toc17086415}]{.underline}

[Employees are responsible for all \[COMPANY NAME\] property, materials,
or written information issued to them or in their possession or control.
Employees must return all \[COMPANY NAME\] property immediately upon
request or upon termination of employment. Where permitted by applicable
laws, \[COMPANY NAME\] may withhold from the employee\'s check or final
paycheck the cost of any items that are not returned when required.
\[COMPANY NAME\] may also take all action deemed appropriate to recover
or protect its property.]{.underline}

## [[7.6]{#_Toc17086416}[ ]{#_Toc17086416}[RESIGNATION]{#_Toc17086416}]{.underline}

Resignation is a voluntary act initiated by the employee to terminate
employment with \[COMPANY NAME\]. Although advance notice is not
required, \[COMPANY NAME\] requests at least 2 weeks\' written notice of
resignation from employees.

[Prior to an employee\'s departure, an exit interview may be scheduled
to discuss the reasons for resignation and the effect of the resignation
on benefits.]{.underline}

## [[7.7]{#_Toc17086417}[ ]{#_Toc17086417}[SECURITY INSPECTIONS]{#_Toc17086417}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] wishes to maintain a work environment that is free of
illegal drugs, alcohol, firearms, explosives, or other improper
materials. To this end, \[COMPANY NAME\] prohibits the possession,
transfer, sale, or use of such materials on its premises. \[COMPANY
NAME\] requires the cooperation of all employees in administering this
policy.

[Desks, lockers, and other storage devices may be provided for the
convenience of employees but remains the sole property of \[COMPANY
NAME\]. Accordingly, they, as well as any articles found within them,
can be inspected by any agent or representative of \[COMPANY NAME\] at
any time, either with or without prior notice.]{.underline}

## [[7.8]{#_Toc17086418}[ ]{#_Toc17086418}[PROGRESSIVE DISCIPLINE]{#_Toc17086418}]{.underline}

The purpose of this policy is to state \[COMPANY NAME\] position on
administering equitable and consistent discipline for unsatisfactory
conduct in the workplace. The best disciplinary measure is the one that
does not have to be enforced comes from good leadership and fair
supervision at all employment levels.

\[COMPANY NAME\] own best interest lies in ensuring fair treatment of
all employees and in making certain that disciplinary actions are
prompt, uniform, and impartial. The major purpose of any disciplinary
action is to correct the problem, prevent recurrence, and prepare the
employee for satisfactory service in the future.

Although employment with \[COMPANY NAME\] is based on mutual consent and
both the employee and \[COMPANY NAME\] have the right to terminate
employment at will, with or without cause or advance notice, \[COMPANY
NAME\] may use progressive discipline at its discretion.

Disciplinary action may call for any of four steps -- verbal warning,
written warning, suspension with or without pay, or termination of
employment -- depending on the severity of the problem and the number of
occurrences. There may be circumstances when one or more steps are
bypassed.

Progressive discipline means that, with respect to most disciplinary
problems, these steps will normally be followed: a first offense may
call for a verbal warning; a next offense may be followed by a written
warning; another offense may lead to a suspension; and, still another
offense may then lead to termination of employment.

\[COMPANY NAME\] recognizes that there are certain types of employee
problems that are serious enough to justify either a suspension, or, in
extreme situations, termination of employment, without going through the
usual progressive discipline steps.

While it is impossible to list every type of behavior that may be deemed
a serious offense, the Employee Conduct and Work Rules policy includes
examples of problems that may result in immediate suspension or
termination of employment. However, the problems listed are not all
necessarily serious offenses, but may be examples of unsatisfactory
conduct that will trigger progressive discipline.

[By using progressive discipline, we hope that most employee problems
can be corrected at an early stage, benefiting both the employee and
\[COMPANY NAME\].]{.underline}

## [[7.9]{#_Toc17086419}[ ]{#_Toc17086419}[PROBLEM RESOLUTION]{#_Toc17086419}]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] is committed to providing the best possible working
conditions for its employees. Part of this commitment is encouraging an
open and frank atmosphere in which any problem, complaint, suggestion,
or question receives a timely response from \[COMPANY NAME\] supervisors
and management.]{.underline}

[\[COMPANY NAME\] strives to ensure fair and honest treatment of all
employees. Supervisors, managers, and employees are expected to treat
each other with mutual respect. Employees are encouraged to offer
positive and constructive criticism.]{.underline}

[If employees disagree with established rules of conduct, policies, or
practices, they can express their concern through the problem resolution
procedure. No employee will be penalized, formally or informally, for
voicing a complaint with \[COMPANY NAME\] in a reasonable, business-like
manner, or for using the problem resolution procedure.]{.underline}

[If a situation occurs when employees believe that a condition of
employment or a decision affecting them is unjust or inequitable, they
are encouraged to make use of the following steps. The employee may
discontinue the procedure at any step.]{.underline}

[1. Employee presents problem to immediate supervisor after incident
occurs. If supervisor is unavailable or employee believes it would be
inappropriate to contact that person, employee may present problem to
\[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] or any other member of
management.]{.underline}

[2. Supervisor responds to problem during discussion or after consulting
with appropriate management, when necessary. Supervisor documents
discussion.]{.underline}

[3. Employee presents problem to \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\]
if problem is unresolved.]{.underline}

[4. \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] counsels and advises
employee, assists in putting problem in writing and visits with
employee\'s manager(s), if necessary.]{.underline}

[5. Employee presents problem to the President in writing.]{.underline}

[6. The President reviews and considers problem. The President informs
employee of decision and forwards copy of written response to \[HUMAN
RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR OTHER\] for employee\'s file. The President has
full authority to make any adjustment deemed appropriate to resolve the
problem. ]{.underline}

[Not every problem can be resolved to everyone\'s total satisfaction,
but only through understanding and discussion of mutual problems can
employees and management develop confidence in each other. This
confidence is important to the operation of an efficient and harmonious
work environment, and helps to ensure everyone\'s job
security.]{.underline}

## [[7.10]{#_Toc17086420}[ ]{#_Toc17086420}[WORKPLACE ETIQUETTE]{#_Toc17086420}]{.underline}

\[COMPANY NAME\] strives to maintain a positive work environment where
employees treat each other with respect and courtesy. Sometimes issues
arise when employees are unaware that their behavior in the workplace
may be disruptive or annoying to others. Many of these day-to-day issues
can be addressed by politely talking with a co-worker to bring the
perceived problem to his or her attention. In most cases, common sense
will dictate an appropriate resolution. \[COMPANY NAME\] encourages all
employees to keep an open mind and graciously accept constructive
feedback or a request to change behavior that may be affecting another
employee\'s ability to concentrate and be productive.

The following workplace etiquette guidelines are not necessarily
intended to be hard and fast work rules with disciplinary consequences.
They are simply suggestions for appropriate workplace behavior to help
everyone be more conscientious and considerate of co-workers and the
work environment. Please contact the \[HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT OR
OTHER\] if you have comments, concerns, or suggestions regarding these
workplace etiquette guidelines.

-   [Return copy machine and printer settings to their default settings
    after changing them. ]{.underline}

-   [Replace paper in the copy machine and printer paper trays when they
    are empty. ]{.underline}

-   [Retrieve print jobs in a timely manner and be sure to collect all
    your pages. ]{.underline}

-   [Be prompt when using the manual feed on the printer. ]{.underline}

-   [Keep the area around the copy machine and printers orderly and
    picked up. ]{.underline}

-   [Be careful not to take or discard others\' print jobs or faxes when
    collecting your own. ]{.underline}

-   [Avoid public accusations or criticisms of other employees. Address
    such issues privately with those involved or your supervisor.
    ]{.underline}

-   [Try to minimize unscheduled interruptions of other employees while
    they are working. ]{.underline}

-   [Communicate by e-mail or phone whenever possible, instead of
    walking unexpectedly into someone\'s office or workspace.
    ]{.underline}

-   [Be conscious of how your voice travels, and try to lower the volume
    of your voice when talking on the phone or to others in open areas.
    ]{.underline}

-   [Keep socializing to a minimum, and try to conduct conversations in
    areas where the noise will not be distracting to others.
    ]{.underline}

-   [Minimize talking between workspaces or over cubicle walls. Instead,
    conduct conversations with others in their workspace. ]{.underline}

-   [Try not to block walkways while carrying on conversations.
    ]{.underline}

-   [Refrain from using inappropriate language (swearing) that others
    may overhear. ]{.underline}

-   [Monitor the volume when listening to music, voice mail, or a
    speakerphone that others can hear. ]{.underline}

-   [Clean up after yourself and do not leave behind waste or discarded
    papers.]{.underline}

## [[7.11]{#_Toc17086421}[ ]{#_Toc17086421}[SUGGESTION PROGRAM]{#_Toc17086421}]{.underline}

[As employees of \[COMPANY NAME\], you have the opportunity to
contribute to our future success and growth by submitting suggestions
for practical work-improvement or cost-savings ideas.]{.underline}

[All employees are eligible to participate in the suggestion program.
]{.underline}

[A suggestion is an idea that will benefit \[COMPANY NAME\] by solving a
problem, reducing costs, improving operations or procedures, enhancing
customer service, eliminating waste or spoilage, or making \[COMPANY
NAME\] a better or safer place to work. Statements of problems without
accompanying solutions, or recommendations concerning co-workers and
management are not appropriate suggestions.]{.underline}

[All suggestions should contain a description of the problem or
condition to be improved, a detailed explanation of the solution or
improvement, and the reasons why it should be implemented. If you have
questions or need advice about your idea, contact your supervisor for
help.]{.underline}

[Submit suggestions to the President and, after review, they will be
forwarded to the Direction. As soon as possible, you will be notified of
the adoption or rejection of your suggestion.]{.underline}

[Special recognition may be given to employees who submit a suggestion
that is implemented.]{.underline}

**[IF YOU HAVE ANY COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS REGARDING THE CONTENT OF THE
EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK, PLEASE DIRECT THEM TO
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[HUMAN RESOURCES]{.underline}[ DEPARTMENT
OR OTHER\]]{.underline}[. ]{.underline}**

**[WISHING YOU A LONG AND REWARDING CAREER AT ]{.underline}[\[COMPANY
NAME\]]{.underline}[!]{.underline}**
