**EMPLOYEE E-MAIL POLICIES**

1.  **ADOPTION OF POLICY**

This policy statement was adopted by the Board of Directors of \[COMPANY
NAME\] and must be complied with by all employees and contractors that
are provided with access to certain Internet and Intranet services of
the company, including but not limited to Internet access, Email, FTP,
local area network, stand alone computer terminals, and laptop
computers.

The Company offers certain Computer and Internet Services as a tool for
employees to utilize in connection with their job related functions. It
is the philosophy of the Company that these services can be used to
enhance the productivity of our employees and further the efficient
accomplishment of tasks that benefit the business and prospects of the
Company.

1.  **EMPLOYEE EMAIL**

**Company Email Addresses **

All employees with a bona fide need will be issued an Email address for
use only in connection with bona fide business on behalf of the Company.

**No Privacy In Company Email **

The Company respects the privacy rights of its employees. At the same
time, Company Email usage is given only for Company use and in
furtherance of Company activities and not for the private or personal
use of the employee. Employee's privacy is not extended to employee's ob
related functions, which are the only functions for which Email may be
used. As such, employees should have no expectation of privacy with
respect to use of the Company provided Email address.

**Employee Email Passwords **

Each employee who is issued an Email account shall be issued a password
with which to gain access to such account. The password shall also be
logged and retained by the CIS Director. Employees are put on notice
that the password does not secure privacy of such Email account or mean
that the contents of Email files are private or personal to employee.
All passwords shall be the property of the Company. Employees are not
authorized to make any changes to such passwords without obtaining
approval and issuance of a new password from the CIS Director.

**Company Management Right To Review Email Information**

Employees are provided with Email addresses only for Company-related
matters. The Email accounts and all information transmitted through
these accounts are the property of the Company and not of the employee
and shall be considered to be Company records. The contents of the
Company Email account will be available at all times to access by
Company management. Employees should have no expectation that any
information contained in Email that they send and receive. All Email
contents shall be accessible by company management. The Company
routinely backs up this information, so the employee's Email will
normally be accessible to the Company from backup files, even after it
is deleted by the employee. You should also be aware that the contents
of Email transmission to or from you may be disclosed within the Company
for any purpose, including but not limited to decisions relative to
employment matters. The contents of your Email and other information on
the Company systems are subject to periodic unannounced inspections. YOU
SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT ANY EMAIL MESSAGES THAT YOU SEND OR RECEIVE ARE
CONFIDENTIAL. THEY ARE NOT.

**Passwords and Encryption Keys**

Only passwords that are assigned to you by the CIS Director may be used.
If you wish to change your password, you must first notify the CIS
Director. You are not authorized to make changes in your password. Any
requested changes are to be accomplished by the CIS Director. You are
not authorized to use any encryption devices or encryption keys unless
you first notify the CIS Director. You shall also provide the CIS
Director with the means of access to such encrypted transmissions. The
Company recognizes that in certain instances encryption of Email
transmissions are in the best interests of the Company and the
protection of the Company's information. As such, employees are
encouraged to be sensitive to the necessity of encryption in some
instances and are encouraged to utilize encryption subject to the
necessity of receiving prior approval and providing necessary
information to the CIS Director. Employees are prohibits from using the
passwords and encryption devices of other employees or of the Company.
In the event that a password or encryption device of another employee or
of the Company comes into the knowledge of the employee, the employee
shall immediately notify the CIS Director. Employees are prohibited from
using the Email addresses of other employees.

**Personal Email **

The Email account that you are assigned is to be used only for Company
business and to assist you in the performance of your employment related
activities. You are prohibited from using the Email accounts for
personal reasons. You should only give out your Email address for
business purposes. You should not give out your Email address to
individuals who have no business purpose. The Company has the
unrestricted right to access and disclose as all messages transmitted to
and from its Email system regardless of whether the content is
business-related or personal in nature. This means that your personal
messages will be accessible by Company management at all times and
without any notice to you. You should not transmit any messages over the
Company Email that you would not want to have disclosed to a third
party. Company Email should not contain personal information about
yourself or other parties, whether they are employees of this Company or
not.

**Occasional Unsolicited Personal Email **

Occasional unsolicited personal Emails may be unavoidable and will not
be a violation of this policy. However, these occasional unsolicited
Emails will be treated in the same way as business related Emails by the
Company and you will not have any expectation of privacy in them. We
recommend that you respond to unsolicited personal Emails received at
your Company Email address stating that you are not permitted to receive
personal Emails on your Company Email address, that there is no
expectation of privacy when this Email address is used, and referring
the sender to your own private personal Email address, if you have one,
for future transmissions.

**Professional Tone**

Employees should use the same level of care and draftsmanship in Email
transmissions as they do with respect to business letters. Emails should
be professionally written with a professional tone, correct business
form and style should be used.

**Prohibited Email Content **

You are not permitted to transmit any Email over the Company systems
that contain and illegal, defamatory, insulting, vulgar, rude,
disruptive, offensive, derogatory, harmful or immoral content.
Prohibited transmissions include, but are not limited to
sexually-explicit or sexually oriented materials, cartoons or
illustrations, jokes, romantic oriented materials, anything that could
be deemed to be sexually harassing, any sexual innuendos or references,
propositions of love, whether wanted or unwanted, ethnic or racially
oriented references or slurs, or any other materials that could be
considered by the recipient to constitute sexual harassment or harassing
or disparaging based upon sex, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity,
national origin, or religious or political beliefs or practices.

**Violation of Policies**

Violations of these policies may subject to the Employee to discipline
under the Company's employment policies, including but not limited to
termination of employment.

1.  **REQUIREMENT OF WRITTEN APPROVAL**

Each employee shall be provided with a company Email account to be used
only in connection with job related tasks. Only those employees with a
bona fide need will be permitted other types of access to the Internet
using company facilities. Internet Access using the company's facilities
is only permitted for employees who first receive written approval from
\[TITLE OF OFFICER GIVING APPROVALS\] and the Computer Information
Service Department Supervisor (CIS). Approval shall only be given for
the scope of access that is reasonably necessary to meet the employee's
job functions. Access beyond the scope of access that is approved shall
require separate approval. The CIS shall be responsible for maintaining
a register of company employees who have access to the Internet using
company facilities. The CIS shall also be responsible for maintaining a
register of Email addresses and passwords for all company employees.

1.  **PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING INTERNET ACCESS APPROVAL**

As stated above, Internet access will only be permitted to employees who
first receive written approval. Access is permitted only within the
scope of the approval that is given. The employee must demonstrate a
bona fide job related need for Internet access.

The following are the procedures for obtain approval of Internet access
using the Company's facilities:

a.  The employee must first be certified by the CIS Director as meeting
    the minimum requirements established by the CIS Director relative to
    knowledge and skills of the Internet and Internet browser software.

b.  The CIS shall inspect the employee's computer system and environment
    and certify that minimum hardware, software and network access
    requirements are met and security is present.

c.  The employee shall submit a request for Internet Access on the forms
    that can be obtained from the CIS Director. The request form shall
    include a description of the bona fide reason why Internet access is
    necessary to fulfill the employee's job functions as well as the
    scope of access that is being requested.

d.  The completed and executed request form must be submitted to the
    Director of CIS.

e.  The Director if CIS shall review the request and consult with any
    necessary supervisors of the employee and Company management where
    necessary. Following a review, the CIS Director shall notify the
    employee whether the request is granted or denied. The CIS Director
    may modify the scope of access granted.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **RESTRICTIONS ON USE**

    a.  Any access to the Internet which is approve as aforesaid, will
        be subject to the following policies and conditions whether or
        not they are referenced in any approval for access. Internet
        access through the Company systems is a privilege and not a
        right of any employee. Approval granted shall be deemed to
        impose certain responsibilities on the employee.

    b.  No access shall be for personal reasons or personal browsing.
        Access shall only be permitted within the parameters for which
        approval was granted. Access is only permitted for bona fide
        business purposes and for furthering the interests of the
        Company.

    c.  Only properly licensed software and browsers that are placed on
        the Company computer terminal by the CIS Department may be used
        to gain access to the Internet.

    d.  No software, executable files, databases or other "live"
        technology may be received through Email, downloaded from the
        Internet, installed from external discs, or otherwise placed on
        the Company's computer system without the prior approval of the
        CIS Director. Prior to any approval, the CIS Director shall
        assure that the information is appropriately licensed for use
        installed on Company machines and is free from viruses.

    e.  The Company shall have the right to monitor and inspect the
        computer systems (hard drives and external drives), history
        files, log files and all other aspects of the Company computers
        and software for any reason at its discretion. Employees have no
        right of privacy as to any item or communication using property
        of the Company.

    f.  Company property shall not be used for personal browsing,
        including but not limited to accessing any sexually explicit or
        sexually oriented materials.

    g.  All of the policies set forth above with respect to use of Email
        shall apply equally to use of general Internet access, including
        but not limited to Web Based Email application, chat room
        participation, Usenet and newsgroup access and all other
        Internet related use and access.

    h.  Any violation of these policies may lead to disciplinary
        actions, including potential termination.

    i.  All employment policies of the Company shall apply equally to
        employee use of internet and computer technology.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SECURITY OF INFORMATION**

    1.  Each employee using any Internet technology shall do so with
        sensitivity to the need to protect confidential and proprietary
        information of the Company. You must always assume with regard
        to each transmission of data, that the Internet does not provide
        adequate measures to protect the security and confidentiality of
        items that you may transmit. You should also assume that you
        have no control over dissemination of information once it is
        received by the intended recipient. Each employee must take all
        steps necessary to protect the confidential, proprietary, and
        trade secret information of the Company. Employees are NOT
        authorized to transmit any such information over the Internet
        without the advanced consent of the CIS Director. This
        prohibition is applicable regardless of the use of any
        encryption technology.

    2.  In the event that an employee finds it necessary to transmit any
        confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information over the
        Internet for a compelling business reason, the employee shall
        first inform the CIS Director and transmit such information only
        under the supervision of the CIS Director. If the information
        cannot be transmitted with adequate assurances of protection and
        security, other available methods of transmission should be
        used.
