# FUNERAL LEAVE POLICY

1.  **FULL-TIME EMPLOYEE**

The purpose of funeral leave is to provide you with time to attend the
funeral of a member of your family and to handle personal affairs
without disrupting your income. Only permanent full-time employees are
eligible for funeral leave benefits, and the benefits become effective
after you complete your training and adjustment period.

**Time allowed:**

You may be granted up to a \[NUMBER\]-day leave (\[NUMBER\] consecutive
working days) with pay in the event of the death of an immediate family
member.

**Definition of immediate family member:**

he term immediate family member is defined as:

Â·

-   Brother

-   Child

-   Father

-   Father-in-law

-   Husband

-   Mother

-   Mother-in-law

-   Sister

-   Stepbrother

-   Stepchild

-   Stepfather

-   Stepmother

-   Stepsister

-   Wife

**Funeral pay:**

Your funeral leave pay will be figured at your regular rate of pay.

**Leave without pay:**

If you are not eligible for funeral leave with pay, you may be given
time off without pay in case of a death in the family. Time off without
pay may be arranged to attend the funeral of a close friend. Each day
off will be counted as an absence without pay.

**Forfeiture:**

You forfeit your rights to funeral leave benefits if you terminate
employment before returning to your assigned position to work at least
one workday after you have used funeral leave benefits.

When you are granted funeral leave benefits, it is mandatory that you
attend the funeral of the relative for whom such funeral leave was
requested. We reserve the right to ask you to supply the name and
relationship of the deceased and the name of the funeral home that
handled the arrangements.

1.  **HOURLY EMPLOYEES**

All hourly employees, subject to the conditions below, will receive
funeral leave in the event of a death in their immediate family. The
employee will be compensated for his scheduled work hours from which he
is absent due to the funeral leave, not exceeding eight hours each day,
at his regular basic straight time hourly rate.

The following points will be considered in determining whether an
employee will receive pay for funeral leave:

-   Employee has to have been continuously employed for \[NUMBER\] days
    prior to the death of someone in his immediate family.

-   Immediate family is defined as spouse, child, parent, brother, or
    sister of the employee.

-   Funeral leave will be granted from work for three consecutive days,
    including the day of the funeral, but limited to one day following
    day of funeral.

-   The funeral allowance will be paid only for scheduled work time lost
    and will not be counted in computing overtime.

-   No funeral allowance will be paid unless the employee gives
    reasonable prior notice of his intended absence from scheduled work
    and the time and date he intends to return to work.

-   No funeral allowance will be paid if the employee does not attend
    the funeral.

-   Promptly upon return to work, the employee must apply for the
    funeral allowance. Proof of relationship to the deceased may be
    required.
