**GENERAL SAFETY POLICY**

1.  **SAFETY -- GENERAL POLICY**

Providing safe working conditions and maintaining continuity of
employment is of continual concern. In this regard, it is important that
adequate policies and procedures be developed and adhered to in order to
ensure safe, efficient operating conditions, thereby safeguarding
employees and facilities.

The Company will not knowingly permit unsafe conditions to exist, nor
will it permit employees to indulge in unsafe acts. Violations of
Company rules and regulations will result in disciplinary action.

The Company believes that the safety of employees and physical property
can best be ensured by a meaningful program.

a.  **Employee**

Since the employee on the job is frequently more aware of unsafe
conditions than anyone else, employees are encouraged to make
recommendations, suggestions, and criticisms of unsafe conditions to
their immediate supervisor so that they may be corrected.

a.  **Supervisors**

Supervisors are responsible for the working conditions within their
department and the plant generally. A supervisor should remain alert at
all times to dangerous and unsafe conditions, so that he/she may
recommend corrective action, discipline employees who habitually create
or indulge in unsafe practices, assess new or changed situations for
inherent dangers, and follow up on employee suggestions for corrective
action so that unsafe conditions are not instituted or permitted to
exist.

1.  **SAFETY COMMITTEE MEETINGS**

Company operates in accordance with \[CODE\] guidelines and as such
encourages the employee's involvement in company-wide safety committee
meetings to be held quarterly. The committee will specify procedures and
actions to be taken in the event of fires, security and other
emergencies. Decisions and recommendations will be communicated via the
departmental team meetings.

1.  **INJURIES**

All employees are required to immediately report all occupational
illnesses or injuries to your supervisor, no matter how minor, and
complete an occupational illness or injury form.
