**GRIEVANCE POLICY**

^\[COMPANY\ NAME\]\ wishes\ to\ provide\ a\ comfortable,\ productive,\ legal\ and\ ethical\ work\ environment.\ To\ this\ end,\ the\ company\ wants\ you\ to\ bring\ any\ grievances\ you\ have\ about\ the\ work\ place\ to\ the\ attention\ of\ your\ supervisor\ and,\ if\ necessary,\ to\ upper\ level\ management.\ In\ light\ of\ these\ concerns\ we\ have\ instituted\ the\ following\ grievance\ procedure:^

If you feel that there is inappropriate conduct or activity on the part
of the company, management, its employees, vendors, customers, or any
other persons or entities related to the company, we request that you
bring this concern to the immediate attention of your supervisor. Please
try to approach your supervisor at a time and place that will allow the
supervisor to properly listen to your concerns. If you have discussed
this matter with your supervisor previously and you do not believe that
you have received a sufficient response, we request that you present
your concerns to your supervisor in writing. Please indicate what the
problem is, those persons involved in the problem, and any suggested
solution you may have to the problem.

If you do not receive a sufficient response to your written complaint
within \[NUMBER\] working days from providing it to your supervisor, or
if your supervisor is the problem, you should contact the next level of
supervision, and so on. If you consider the matter an emergency, legal,
ethical or safety issue, use your best judgment to expedite the
complaint process. The company may have a conference with you and your
supervisor or with both of you individually. If the matter is not
resolved after that conference, and you believe it still merits
attention, it is requested that you immediately place your concerns in
writing and bring the matter forward to upper level management.

It is the purpose of this grievance procedure to help maintain a
positive work environment with respect and responsibility towards each
other. The grievance procedure is also intended to avoid unnecessary
employee claims and company legal exposure. The company cannot promise
that your specific grievance or complaint will result in the action you
request or that you will be satisfied with the outcome of the grievance
procedure.
