# MILITARY LEAVE POLICY

It is the policy of \[COMPANY\] to permit employees to take military
leaves of absence.

1.  **MILITARY ACTIVITIES**

\[COMPANY\] will grant the employee\'s request for military leave of
absence for \[NUMBER\] days per year to be used for military training,
reserve duty, drills, maneuvers, etc. In addition, if the employee
should be called to active duty, the employee may take active duty leave
for up to \[TIME LIMIT -- E.G., NUMBER OF DAYS OR WEEKS\]. Military
leave is only granted to \[COMPANY\]\'s permanent employees.

1.  **EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS**

The employee\'s employment rights will be preserved while the employee
is on military leave. Pay increases, vacations, and other benefits that
would have accrued had the employee not been on military leave of
absence will be given to the employee upon returning to \[COMPANY\]
after the military leave is over.

1.  **REINSTATEMENT**

Unless circumstances at \[COMPANY\] change so drastically while the
employee is on annual or active duty military leave that reinstatement
is impossible or impractical, when the employee returns to \[COMPANY\]
after military leave, the employee will either be reinstated to the
position the employee held before taking military leave or be given a
similar position with the same seniority, status, and pay, if in either
case the following conditions are met:

-   1\. Proof of honorable discharge from duty.

-   2\. Proof of ability to resume the position.

-   3\. Notice of intention to return is given.

If the employee is unable to return to the same position after annual or
active duty military leave, \[COMPANY\] will arrange for another
position at the same seniority, status and pay.

Notice of intention to return to work must reach \[COMPANY\] within
\[NUMBER\] days of the employee\'s discharge from military duty.

1.  **ANNUAL VACATION LEAVE**

Annual military leave of absence is in addition to any annual vacation
leave the employee is entitled to. \[COMPANY\] will not make deductions
from annual vacation leave for time spent on annual military leave.

1.  **NONDISCRIMINATION**

\[COMPANY\] makes it a policy not to discriminate in any way against
employees who are members of the military. The employee\'s job will not
be in jeopardy if a military leave of absence is requested or taken. In
addition, the employee will not be discharged by \[COMPANY\] for one
year after returning from military leave without just cause.

# 
