# [ ON-DISCRIMINATION POLICY STATEMENT]{.underline}

1.  **[OVERALL POLICY]{.underline}**

[It is the policy of \[COMPANY NAME\] (the "Company") to maintain a
working environment free of all forms of unlawful discrimination. In
recognition of the importance of good employee relations, all applicants
are extended an equal opportunity to gain employment and all employees
are extended an equal opportunity to progress in their field of
endeavor.]{.underline}

1.  **[EQUAL OPPORTUNITY]{.underline}**

[The Company affords equal opportunity to all employees and prospective
employees without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, marital
status, disability, veteran status or national origin in the following
employment practices: recruitment, hiring, placement, transfer,
promotion, demotion, selection for training, layoff, termination,
determination of service, rate of pay, benefit plans, compensation, and
other personnel actions.]{.underline}

1.  **[DISABILITY]{.underline}**

[The Company will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for
employment because of disability in regard to any position for which the
employee or applicant for employment is qualified. ]{.underline}

1.  **[COMPLAINT PROCEDURE]{.underline}**

[Any individual, whether an employee or applicant for employment who
believes that he or she has been discriminated against unlawfully should
bring any complaint to \[NAME OF APPROPRIATE PERSON\] person in the
\[NAME OF APPROPRIATE DEPARTMENT\] Department. Complaints may be lodged
in writing or in person. Persons who file complaints will be advised, as
is appropriate, regarding any investigation, action or resolution of the
problem.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSEQUENCES]{.underline}**

[The Company will not tolerate any form of discrimination and will take
appropriate disciplinary action, including possibly termination, of any
person determined to have engaged in unlawful conduct under this
policy.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO RETALIATION]{.underline}**

[The Company will not retaliate nor discriminate against any employee or
applicant because he or she has opposed any unlawful employment practice
or filed a charge of employment discrimination, testified, assisted, or
participated in any manner in an investigation, proceeding, or hearing
related to employment practices.]{.underline}
