**OVERTIME POLICY GUIDANCE**

All payments given to an employee as remuneration for employment must be
included in calculating the employee's regular rate, except those which
\[ACT\] specifically says may be excluded.

Of course, if a payment is not compensation for employment, then it is
not a part of the employee's wages. On the other hand, if a payment is
excludable by the \[ACT\], then it may be ignored when figuring the
employee's regular rate and overtime pay, even though it is remuneration
for employment.

This chart is not all-inclusive. Although it is an extensive listing of
payments that will be confronted in payroll computations, any other
payment that is remuneration for employment and not a statutory
exclusion must be considered as wages, just as any other payment which
qualifies for a statutory exclusion may be eliminated from the wage
category.

1.  **EMPLOYEE PAYMENTS THAT MUST BE INCLUDED IN CALCULATING REGULAR
    RATES**

**Absence pay if absence is:**

-   for personal reasons

-   for Christmas shopping (unless customary in industry or area)

-   for visit with friend passing through town

-   to obtain mortgage on home

**Board and lodging furnished by employer if not excluded under union
contract**

**Bonuses for:**

-   accuracy of work

-   attendance

-   continuation of employment relationship

-   production

-   quality of work

**Commissions**

**Guarantees paid to pieceworkers**

**Housing and lodging furnished by employer if not excluded under union
contract**

**Incentive bonuses**

**Lump-sum overtime pay**

**Contest prizes for:**

-   attendance

-   cooperation

-   courtesy

-   efficiency

-   number of overtime hours worked

-   production

-   quality of work

-   sales stimulation

**Lunch expenses of employee paid by employer**

**Meals furnished by employer if not excluded under union contract**

**Merchandise furnished free at company stores (food, clothing,
household articles)**

**On-call pay**

**Patent payments, if employer solicited invention**

**Piecework earnings**

**Production bonuses**

**Rent of employee's living quarters paid by employer if not excluded
under union contract**

**Rest-period premiums (but only if they are paid more often than
occasionally)**

**Salary increases:**

-   current

-   retroactive

**Shift differentials for**

-   night shift

-   second shift

-   swing shift

-   third shift

**Transportation, not incident of employment, furnished by employer**

**Traveling expenses of employee to and from work which are paid by
employer**

**Utilities furnished by employer for employee's personal use if not
excluded under union contract**

**Wage increases:**

-   current

-   retroactive

**Wages for hours worked (whether productive or not), including:**

-   commissions

-   day wages

-   hourly guarantees to pieceworkers

-   hourly wages

-   job wages

-   non-cash wages

-   piecework earnings

-   salaries

-   shift differentials

1.  **EMPLOYEE PAYMENTS THAT MAY BE EXCLUDED IN CALCULATING REGULAR
    RATES**

**Absence pay for infrequent or unpredictable absences (see also
idle-time pay) caused by:**

-   funeral of family member

-   holiday

-   jury service

-   sickness

-   vacation

**Board, lodging, or other facilities excluded under union contract**

**Bonuses:**

-   Christmas

-   discretionary with employer

-   percentage of total wages

**Call-back pay covering idle time**

**Daily overtime pay of any amount for:**

-   hours in excess of \[NUMBER\]

-   hours in excess of reasonable daily standard

**Day-of-rest pay at time and one-half**

**Death benefits paid from welfare fund**

**Director's fees**

**Disability benefits paid from welfare fund**

**Disaster relief payments**

**Discretionary bonuses (discretionary with employer)**

**Expense reimbursements for:**

-   equipment

-   material

-   tools which employer is required to furnish

-   travel expenses in connection with employer's business

-   uniforms which employer requires employee to wear

**Gifts**

**Health and welfare plan contributions by employer**

**Holiday pay for:**

-   idle time if equivalent to regular earnings

-   time worked if at time and one-half

**Hospital expenses paid from welfare fund**

**Idle-time pay (see also Absence pay) due to:**

-   call-back pay & show-up pay

-   machinery breakdown

-   supplies failing to arrive

-   weather conditions making it impossible to work

**Insurance paid from welfare fund**

**Loan to employee which is not deducted from wages**

**Locker facilities**

**Medical care on the job**

**Medical services and hospitalization required by workmen's
compensation laws**

**Parking space furnished by employer**

**Pension plan contributions by employer **

**Percentage-of-total-wage bonuses**

**Post-shift pay:**

-   at time and one-half if full shift not exceeding 8 hours is not
    worked

-   of any amount if full shift is worked

**Pre-shift pay at time and one-half for shifts not exceeding 8 hours**

**Prize given to employee for recommending a sales prospect**

**Profit-sharing payments qualifying under administrative regulations**

**Recreational facilities furnished by employer**

**Rest-period premiums (but only if they are paid occasionally)**

**Restroom facilities**

**Retirement benefits paid from welfare fund**

**Royalties**

**Savings plan payments qualifying under administrative regulations**

**Seventh-day pay at time and one-half**

**Severance pay**

**Show-up pay covering idle time**

**Sick pay**

**Stock denoting contingent interest**

**Suggestion awards for suggestions that casually occur to employee and
require no work**

**Sunday pay:**

-   at time and one-half for Sunday work as such

-   of any amount if for excess daily or weekly hours

**Supper money given to employee who works late**

**Talent fees paid to radio and television performers and announcers**

**Tips, if no agreement on wage status**

**Transportation incidental to employment**

**Traveling expenses of business trip by employee**

**Truck or car rental paid to employee for use of their conveyance**

**Tuition for independent schooling outside working hours**

**Vacation pay**

**Veteran's subsistence allowances**

**Voting time pay**

**Weekly overtime pay of any amount for:**

-   hours in excess of statutory straight-time workweek

-   hours in excess of reasonable weekly standards

**Welfare fund benefits received by employee:**

-   death benefits

-   disability benefits

-   hospitalization

-   medical care

-   retirement benefits

**Welfare plan contributions by employer made irrevocably to trustee or
third person to provide:**

-   death benefits

-   disability benefits

-   hospitalization

-   medical care

-   retirement benefits

**Workers' compensation**

1.  **OVERTIME POLICY GUIDANCE**

-   **Consider staggering work periods**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Communicate your staggered workweek**

If you are going to adjust overtime pay to take advantage of the offsets
the law provides, make that very clear in your policy and routinely
communicate that information. Unless the perception is addressed,
employees may challenge the practice unnecessarily as well as feel a
lack of candor on the part of their employer.

-   **Don't treat overtime as a privilege**

Your policy should stress that overtime is not a benefit -- it is only
to be authorized when business demands it. In no instance should
overtime be authorized solely at the request of the employee or awarded
as a privilege.

-   **Don't be casual about unreported time**

Prohibit in writing and enforce actively a prohibition against "casual
work time" and unreported time. Pay for all time and discipline abusers
immediately after the fact.

-   **Don't unintentionally support unreported time**

Through management development and supervisory training, aim to dispel
the belief that the "good" employee is the one who comes in a little
early or stays a little late just to help out and does not report the
time.

-   **Have a clear policy on mandatory overtime**

If overtime is to be mandatory when requested, state that fact
throughout the hiring process and include a statement to be signed by
the employee acknowledging an understanding of the company policy
regarding mandatory overtime. Even with such a policy, there may be
occasions where certain mitigating circumstances, such as illness or
death in the employee's immediate family, can and should be exceptions.
Document all exceptions to policy.

-   **Don't fail to include on-call pay in overtime calculations**

Pay for time during which an employee holds himself ready for call to
work must be included in the regular-rate computation.

-   **Don't average hours worked in two or more weeks**

Each workweek must be treated as a separate unit in computing pay.

-   **Do not negotiate side agreements with employees to avoid paying
    overtime**

Employees cannot waive their rights to overtime compensation granted
them by the federal law, except where the government supervises the
voluntary payment of wages due or sues on behalf of the employees.
Employees cannot agree that their overtime hours may be paid at a lower
rate. Agreements to "kick back" overtime pay and agreements to conceal
overtime hours are invalid. Even though employees have agreed to such
arrangements, they can still recover the overtime pay specified in the
\[ACT\], possibly by suing you at some point in the future.
