# PERSONAL LEAVE POLICY

The following company policy statement is for personal leave. Generally,
personal leave is granted without pay, but without loss of credit for
the employee's length of service with the company. Not all companies
allow employees to retain their service credit, however.

A personal leave of absence without pay may be granted an employee at
the discretion of the company. A personal leave of absence is defined as
an absence of \[NUMBER\] weeks or longer. It is not our general policy
to grant personal leaves of absence and such leaves will be granted only
under unusual circumstances. A personal leave of absence is not
available instead of medical leave.

Granting of such a leave depends on the review of the merits of each
case, including the effect the employee's absence will have on the
workload of the other employees. Probationary employees are not
generally eligible for leaves of absence. An employee must have one year
of continuous employment before such a leave will be considered.

Applications for leaves of absence may be granted or rejected as
dictated by the judgment of \[NAME OF PERSON WHO APPROVES REQUESTS\].

Salary and benefits are not payable to an employee while the employee is
on a personal leave of absence, with the exception of company-paid term
life insurance that is continued for eligible employees for \[NUMBER\]
year of a leave of absence. Health insurance may be continued if the
employee pays the full premium at the group rate. Although employees do
not accrue benefits while on leave, those benefits accrued up to the
time the employee started the leave will be retained.

The employee's exact position, tour of duty, or work area may not be
guaranteed upon return from a personal leave of absence; however, all
efforts will be made to place the employee in the first available
similar job with similar pay. The employee's date of initial employment
will be adjusted to reflect the time spent on personal leave.

It is the employee's responsibility to return to work on the date the
leave of absence expires. Should the employee fail to return and fail to
notify \[NAME OF PERSON WHO SHOULD RECEIVE REQUESTS\] of a request for
an extension, we will assume that the employee does not intend to rejoin
the company and will consider the employee to have resigned from
employment. A request for extension of a leave of absence must be in
writing and must be received at least \[NUMBER\] working days prior to
the expiration of a leave.

# 
