**\[YOUR COMPANY\'S\] PRIVACY IN THE WORKPLACE POLICY**

1.  **POLYGRAPH TESTING**

Some jobs at \[COMPANY NAME\] fall within the exception to the
prohibition against using polygraph tests for employment screening.

If the employee is applying for, transferring to or being considered for
promotion to a job for which polygraph testing is required, the employee
will be notified in advance that polygraph testing is a requirement of
the job. Before any test is administered the employee will receive
notice of the date, time and place, as well as a list of questions to be
asked.

In addition, if the employee is under suspicion in connection with an
ongoing investigation of economic loss (theft or embezzlement, for
example) at \[COMPANY NAME\], the employee will be notified that a
polygraph test is required and what the employee\'s rights are with
respect to the test.

Refusal to submit to a legitimately requested polygraph test may be used
as grounds for discharge.

1.  **MONITORING**

The employee\'s work output, whether it be paperwork, computer files,
products, customer calls or customer interaction, belongs to \[COMPANY
NAME\]. As such, that work output is always subject to review by
\[COMPANY NAME\], whether it is stored electronically, on paper or in
any other form. In addition, business equipment, including computers,
desks and lockers belong to \[COMPANY NAME\] and are subject to search
or investigation.

1.  **E-MAIL AND COMPUTERS**

E-mail and other computer files provided by \[COMPANY NAME\] are to be
used for business purposes only. Use of \[COMPANY NAME\] computer
equipment for personal reasons is strictly prohibited and all computer
pass codes must be available to \[COMPANY NAME\] at all times. \[COMPANY
NAME\] reserves the right to enter, search and monitor the computer
files or e-mail of any employee, without advance notice, for business
purposes, such as investigating theft, disclosure of confidential
business or proprietary information, personal abuse of the system or
monitoring workflow or productivity.
