# PREGNANCY/MATERNITY LEAVE POLICY

To be eligible for a pregnancy leave of absence, the employee must be a
non-temporary, full-time female employee.

1.  **MAXIMUM LENGTH OF LEAVE**

The maximum length of pregnancy leave allowed is \[NUMBER\] weeks. If
the employee needs a longer leave due to medical complications, the
employee should notify \[COMPANY\] as soon as possible. The additional
leave will be treated the same as any other medical or disability leave.

1.  **WRITTEN REQUESTS**

A written request for pregnancy leave must be submitted within a
reasonable time. The employee must submit a written doctor\'s statement,
indicating the anticipated delivery date. The employee should inform
\[COMPANY\] of the expected duration of her pregnancy leave so that
\[COMPANY\] may plan around the absence efficiently until her return.

1.  **TRANSFERS**

An employee requesting pregnancy leave may also ask for a transfer to
another less strenuous or less hazardous position if so desired. The
request must be in writing and must state the reason for the transfer.

1.  **PAID LEAVE**

\[COMPANY\] provides for paid pregnancy leave for the period of \[TIME
LIMIT -- E.G., NUMBER OF DAYS OR WEEKS\]. The employee may use any
accumulated paid sick days and/or paid vacation days to extend her
pregnancy leave beyond the paid leave period. The employee will be paid
for those designated days.

1.  **MEDICAL INCAPACITY**

At her option, the employee may continue to work up to the delivery
date, depending upon the employee\'s medical circumstances and the
nature of the employee\'s job. In the event the employee is physically
incapable of performing her regular job duties at any time during her
pregnancy, the employee may request that the employee be placed on
pregnancy leave. An advance notice of a minimum of \[NUMBER\] week
should be given, accompanied by a statement from the employee\'s
physician attesting to the employee\'s incapacitation.

1.  **BENEFITS**

While an employee is away from work on an approved pregnancy leave of
absence, she continues to participate in \[COMPANY\]\'s company employee
benefit programs. \[COMPANY\] will endeavor to return the employee to
the same or equal job she had before taking pregnancy leave. Although
\[COMPANY\] does not guarantee a return to the identical job, the
employee will suffer no loss in seniority.

# 
