# PROGRESSIVE DISCIPLINE POLICY

**PURPOSE**

1.  To establish rules pertaining to employee conduct, performance, and
    responsibilities so that all personnel can conduct themselves
    according to certain rules of good behavior and good conduct.

2.  The purpose of these rules is not to restrict the rights of anyone,
    but rather to help people work together harmoniously according to
    the standards we have established for efficient and courteous
    service for our customers.

3.  Reasonable rules concerning personal conduct of employees are
    necessary if the facility is to function safely and effectively. You
    will be kept informed of department rules and changes to those rules
    by your supervisor or department head.

4.  The company believes that you want to, and will, do a good job if
    you know what is required to perform your job properly. Your
    supervisor is responsible for ensuring that you know what is
    expected of you in your job. Further, it is company policy that
    employees be given ample opportunity to improve in their job
    performance.

**POLICY**

Degrees of discipline are generally progressive and are used to ensure
that the employee has the opportunity to correct his or her performance.
There is no set standard of how many oral warnings must be given prior
to a written warning or how many written warnings must precede
termination. Factors to be considered are:

-   How many different offenses are involved

-   The seriousness of the offense

-   The time interval and employee response to prior disciplinary
    action(s)

-   Previous work history of the employee

**EXCEPTIONS**

For serious offenses, such as fighting, theft, insubordination, threats
of violence, the sale or possession of drugs or abuse of alcohol on
company property, etc., termination may be the first and only
disciplinary step taken. Any step or steps of the disciplinary process
may be skipped at the discretion of \[COMPANY NAME\] after investigation
and analysis of the total situation, past practice, and circumstances.
In general, several oral warnings should, at the next infraction, be
followed by a written warning, followed at the next infraction by
discharge. This is especially true in those cases where the time
interval between offenses is short and the employee demonstrates a poor
desire to improve his/her performance.

## PENALTIES FOR SPECIFIC OFFENSES

**Penalties for Group 1:**

-   First offense: Oral or written reprimand

-   Second offense: Suspension or termination

**Group 1 Offenses include:**

-   Being tardy habitually without reasonable cause

-   Being absent without notification or excuse

-   Leaving your job or your regular working place during working hours
    for any reason without authorization from your supervisor, except
    for lunch, rest periods and going to the restrooms

-   Disorderly conduct on company property

-   Immoral conduct or indecency on company property

-   Leaving work before end of shift or not being ready to go to work at
    the start of shift

-   Interfering with the work of other employees

-   Inefficiency or lack of application of effort on the job

-   Violations of company policies outlined in sections of this policy
    manual

-   Contributing to unsanitary conditions or poor housekeeping

-   Imperiling the safety of other employees

-   Malicious gossip and/or the spreading of rumors

**Penalties for Group 2: **

-   First offense: Suspension or termination

**Group 2 Offenses include:**

-   Gambling on company property

-   Possession of narcotics, or consuming narcotics on company property

-   Reporting for work in an intoxicated condition

-   Responsibility for instigating fighting on company property

-   Dishonesty or removal of another employee\'s property or company
    property without permission

-   Willful destruction of company property

-   Insubordination (Refusal to perform service connected with an
    employee\'s immediate supervisor or refusal to obey any reasonable
    order given by an employee\'s supervisor or by management)

-   Misrepresentation of physical condition or other important facts in
    seeking employment

-   Refusal to perform work assigned to an employee

-   Absence for two consecutive working days without notification to the
    company or without acceptable excuse

-   Petty thievery

-   Possession of firearms, fireworks or explosives on company property
    without permission from management

**PROBATION**

You may be placed on probation in connection with the written warning
for a period of time determined by \[COMPANY NAME\]. Wage increases,
vacations and transfers will not be given during this period, but all
other benefits will continue.

**INVESTIGATIVE SUSPENSION**

An investigative suspension is a period, not to exceed \[NUMBER\]
working days, during which time an employee is relieved of his or her
job because of alleged serious misconduct. An employee may be placed on
investigative suspension when it is necessary to make a full
investigation to determine the facts of the case, as in a fighting,
insubordination or theft incident. If after the investigation:

-   discharge is warranted, the employee shall not be paid for the
    period of investigative suspension -- the discharge shall be
    effective on the date of the termination interview.

-   misconduct is determined, but not of a sufficiently serious nature
    to warrant discharge, the employee shall receive a warning notice
    and forfeit pay lost as a result of the investigative suspension and
    may be placed on disciplinary suspension

-   if no misconduct is determined, the employee shall return to work
    within the prescribed period and be paid for the time lost as a
    result of the investigative suspension

## DISCIPLINARY SUSPENSION

A disciplinary suspension is a period of not more than \[NUMBER\] days
and may be given in addition to the investigatory suspension or as
punishment for the violation. The employee is relieved of his or her job
assignment because of serious or repeated instances of misconduct and
shall forfeit pay lost as a result of the suspension in situations where
there is no specific instance of conduct that is so outrageous that
justifies termination but there is a pattern of conduct where the
employee has continually engaged in one minor infraction of the rules
after another and has received a documented verbal and/or written
warning for rule(s) infraction(s). Disciplinary suspension would
generally not be used as a form of discipline for employees with
attendance problems.

## CRISIS SUSPENSION

A crisis suspension is given at the discretion of the supervisor when
action must be taken immediately.

## DISCHARGE

When the employee is discharged as a result of a serious offense, or as
the final step in an accumulation of infractions for which a warning
notice or notices have been written, the employee will be discharged for
cause instead of being given the option to resign, be laid off, or
retire.

## MISCONDUCT

\[YOUR COMPANY\] has a progressive discipline policy. The goal of \[YOUR
COMPANY\]\'s progressive discipline system is to give the employee an
opportunity to correct employment problems that may arise, rather than
to punish employees.

The employee will be kept informed of \[YOUR COMPANY\]\'s rules and the
employee is expected to follow them.

**IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION**

\[YOUR COMPANY\] believes that engaging in certain types of misconduct
should subject an employee to immediate suspension or discharge, rather
than allowing opportunity for correction of behavior through progressive
discipline steps. The following is a list of conduct for which immediate
disciplinary action will be taken: \[LIST OF OFFENSES THAT WILL BE
EXEMPT FROM PROGRESSIVE STEPS (E.G., VIOLENT BEHAVIOR)\].

**DISCIPLINARY STEPS**

Should there be a problem regarding the employee\'s adherence to \[YOUR
COMPANY\]\'s rules, the employee will be given three opportunities to
change the unwanted behavior:

1\. The employee will be given a verbal explanation of the errant
behavior, including a reiteration of what \[YOUR COMPANY\]\'s rule
regarding that behavior is. In addition, the employee will be advised of
the consequences of further infractions of the rule in question. If no
further problems occur with regard to the issue raised at the verbal
warning stage, no further disciplinary action will be taken.

2\. If the problem persists, the employee will be given a written
explanation of the errant behavior, including a reiteration of what
\[YOUR COMPANY\]\'s rule regarding that behavior is. In addition, the
employee will be advised that continuation of the problem will lead to
suspension without pay for a stated period of time. As before, the
employee will be given an opportunity to change the unwanted behavior
and, if the behavior does not recur, no further disciplinary action will
be taken.

3\. If verbal and written warnings fail to bring about a change in the
undesired conduct, the employee will be suspended and will be informed
that further occurrences of the conduct will lead to the employee\'s
immediate discharge, without additional warnings.

\[YOUR COMPANY\] reserves the right to bypass the disciplinary steps and
base its disciplinary action on the severity, frequency or combination
of infractions when circumstances warrant immediate action.

**DOCUMENTATION**

\[YOUR COMPANY\] will document a disciplinary process beginning with the
first verbal warning. A report of the disciplinary action will be
retained in the employee\'s personnel file, however, if no further
disciplinary action is required after \[NUMBER\] years, the report will
remain as part of the employee\'s personnel file but will no longer be
considered a part of the employee\'s record.

Should a challenge arise regarding the disciplinary action in the
report, the report may be used in the ensuing grievance proceeding or
arbitration.
