**PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES (STANDARDS OF CONDUCT)**

\[COMPANY NAME\] wishes to create a work environment that promotes job
satisfaction, respect, responsibility, and value for all of our
employees, clients, customers and other stakeholders. Every employee at
\[COMPANY NAME\] has a shared responsibility toward improving the
quality of the work environment. By agreeing to work at \[COMPANY NAME\]
you have agreed to follow the company's rules and to refrain from
conduct which is detrimental to our goals. The prohibited conduct that
is listed below is not an inclusive list, as the company cannot, with
foresight, determine what inappropriate conduct under every circumstance
is. Moreover, the company does not limit its right to discipline or
discharge employees to the prohibited conduct listed below. Remember
that, while we value our employees, the company maintains the right to
terminate its employees at any time and for any reason, with or without
notice.

Violation of the prohibited conduct set forth below, or any other
conduct deemed inappropriate by management, may subject you to
disciplinary action, including oral or written warnings, suspension
without pay, transfer or possible termination. If you have any questions
about your personal conduct or that of any fellow employee, immediately
consult your supervisor for clarification.

The following list contains examples of conduct considered improper
which may result in discipline, including termination. Again, note this
is not a complete list and understand that other behaviors may also
result in discipline.

1\. Possessing, using, selling, negotiating the sale of, or being under
the influence of alcohol, drugs or other controlled substances during
working hours, on company property (including company vehicles), in
company uniform or on company business.

2\. Falsification of the hours worked by you or any other employee.

3\. Falsification of any other employment related document including,
but not limited to, personnel files, employment review documents,
intra-company communication, communications with those outside the
company, expense records, etc.

4\. Theft or destruction of company property or that of visitors,
clients or fellow employees.

5\. Possession of potentially hazardous or dangerous property, such as
firearms, weapons, chemicals, etc., without prior authorization.

6\. Fighting with, or harassment of, any fellow employee or customer.

7.  Unauthorized or excessive use of company property or property of any
    visitors, customers, fellow employees, including but not limited to,
    vehicles, supplies, telephones, mail and computers.

8.  Disclosure of company trade secrets or any other confidential or
    proprietary information of the company, its customers or fellow
    employees.

9\. Insubordination, including but not limited to, refusal to perform a
requested or required job task.

10\. Failure to follow, or general neglect of, safety rules and
procedures.

11\. Excessive tardiness or absences.

12\. Smoking in non-designated areas.

13\. The taking of unauthorized overtime.

14\. Solicitation of fellow employees on the company premises.

15\. Failure to dress appropriately.

16\. Failure to keep your workplace in a neat and sanitary condition.

17\. Use of obscene or otherwise inappropriate language or conduct in
the work place.

18\. Failure to provide medical authorizations for medical absences in
excess of two days.

19\. Inappropriate horseplay which is either distracting to fellow
employees or which could create dangers to others.

20\. Criminal activity at, or outside of, the workplace.

21\. Off-duty conduct which can affect the company's credibility or
reputation.

22\. Outside employment which interferes with your ability to perform
your job at this company including, but not limited to, that with a
competitor of the company.

23\. Gambling on company premises.

24\. Sleeping or neglect of job duty.

25\. Taking unauthorized gratuities in connection with company business.

26\. Lending keys to company property to unauthorized persons or
allowing duplicate keys to be made.

27\. Being away from the work area without prior authorization.

28\. Harassment of, or discrimination against, an employee, customer or
visitor because of that person's race, religion, color, sex, age,
disability or national origin.

29\. Bad-mouthing or spreading rumors.

## DISCIPLINARY ACTION

As indicated earlier, violation of company policies or procedures may
result in disciplinary action, including but not limited to, demotion,
transfer, suspension with or without pay, or termination. The company
encourages a system of progressive discipline depending on the type of
prohibited conduct. The company is not required to engage in progressive
discipline and may discipline or terminate an employee where he or she
violates the rules of conduct, or where the quality or value of their
work fails to meet expectations. Again, our attempt at progressive
discipline does not imply a contract with you or that your employment is
anything other than on an "at will" basis. This means that both the
company and the employee may terminate the employment relationship at
any time, for any reason, or no reason at all.

As part of our progressive discipline system, and based on the nature of
the employee violation, management will attempt to provide the employee
first with a verbal warning, then one or more written warnings, and if
the conduct is not sufficiently altered, eventual demotion, transfer,
forced leave or termination. Your supervisor will make very effort
possible to allow you to respond to any disciplinary action taken.
Understand that the company is not obligated to follow any disciplinary
or grievance procedure and that you may be disciplined or terminated
without going through any procedure.
