**SEXUAL HARASSMENT POLICY**

\[COMPANY NAME\]'s position is that sexual harassment is a form of
misconduct that undermines the integrity of the employment relationship.
All employees have the right to work in an environment free from all
forms of discrimination and conduct which can be considered harassing,
coercive, or disruptive, including sexual harassment. Anyone engaging in
harassing conduct will be subject to discipline, ranging from a warning
to termination.

It is our policy, in accordance with providing a positive,
discrimination-free work environment, that sexual harassment in the
workplace is unacceptable conduct that will not be condoned.

1.  **WHAT IS SEXUAL HARASSMENT?**

Sexual harassment is defined as any unwanted physical, verbal or visual
sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other sexually oriented
conduct which is offensive or objectionable to the recipient, including,
but not limited to: epithets, derogatory or suggestive comments, slurs
or gestures and offensive posters, cartoons, pictures, or drawings.

\[COMPANY NAME\] has adopted, and its policy is based on, the definition
of sexual harassment set forth by the \[NAME OF YOUR STATE OR FEDERAL
REGULATORY COMMISSION\]. The \[NAME OF YOUR STATE OR FEDERAL REGULATORY
COMMISSION\] defines sexual harassment as unwelcome sexual advances,
requests for sexual favors, and other verbal or physical conduct of a
sexual nature when:

-   Submission to such conduct is either an explicit or implicit term or
    condition of employment (e.g., promotion, training, timekeeping or
    overtime assignments)

-   Submission to or rejection of the conduct is used as a basis for
    making employment decisions (hiring, promotion, termination)

-   The conduct has the purpose or effect of interfering with an
    individual\'s work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile,
    or offensive work environment

Sexual harassment also includes any employee conduct unreasonably
interfering with another's work performance by creating an intimidating,
hostile, or offensive working environment. Sexual harassment consists of
a variety of behaviors by employees directed to other employees
including, but not limited to, subtle pressure for sexual activity,
inappropriate touching, inappropriate language, demands for sexual
favors, and physical assault.

1.  **WHAT IS *NOT* SEXUAL HARASSMENT?**

Sexual harassment does not refer to occasional compliments of a socially
acceptable nature. It refers to behavior that is not welcome, that is
personally offensive, that debilitates morale, and that, therefore,
interferes with work effectiveness.

1.  **HARASSMENT BY NON-EMPLOYEES**

We will endeavor to protect employees, to the extent possible, from
reported harassment by non-employees such as from customers, vendors and
other parties who have workplace contact with our employees.

1.  **COMPLAINT PROCEDURE**

If you feel that you have been the recipient of sexually harassing
behavior, report it immediately to the \[HUMAN RESOURCE DEPARTMENT OR
OTHER RESPONSIBLE NAME AND TITLE\] or to any other supervisor. It is
preferable to make a complaint in writing, but you can accompany or
follow up your written complaint with a verbal complaint. All
allegations of sexual harassment will be quickly investigated. To the
extent possible, your confidentiality and that of any witnesses and the
alleged harasser will be protected against unnecessary disclosure. When
the investigation is completed, you will be informed of the outcome of
that investigation.

Depending on the complexity of the investigation, you should be
contacted within \[NUMBER PLUS MEASURE OF TIME (E.G., FOUR DAYS, TWO
WEEKS, ONE MONTH)\] about the status of your complaint and whether
action is being taken.

If your supervisor is the source of the harassing conduct, report the
behavior to that person's supervisor or to the owner of \[COMPANY
NAME\].

1.  **DISCIPLINE**

Any employee found to have harassed another employee or applicant for
employment will be subject to appropriate disciplinary procedure action,
including reprimands, suspension or termination of employment.

A person committing sexual harassment may also be held legally liable
for his or her actions under applicable law.

1.  **RESPONSIBILITY**

Each manager is responsible for implementing this policy within his or
her area of supervision.

# \[COMPANY NAME\] wants you to have a work environment free of sexual harassment by management personnel, by your coworkers and by others with whom you must interact in the course of your work as a \[COMPANY NAME\] employee. Sexual harassment is specifically prohibited as unlawful and as a violation of \[COMPANY NAME\]\'s policy. \[COMPANY NAME\] is responsible for preventing sexual harassment in the workplace, for taking immediate corrective action to stop sexual harassment in the workplace and for promptly investigating any allegation of work‑related sexual harassment

1.  **REPRISAL PROHIBITED**

\[COMPANY NAME\] will permit no employment‑based retaliation against
anyone who brings a complaint of sexual harassment or who speaks as a
witness in the investigation of a complaint of sexual harassment.

1.  **WRITTEN POLICY**

If \[COMPANY NAME\] should amend or modify its sexual harassment policy,
you will receive an individual copy of the amended or modified policy.
