# SICK LEAVE POLICY

1.  **PAY FOR ILLNESS**

Employees will become eligible to participate in the paid time for
illness program as follows:

-   If employed prior to \[DATE\], employees will be allowed up to
    \[NUMBER\] days in the following year

-   If employed between \[DAQTE\] and \[DATE\], employees will be
    allowed up to \[NUMBER\] days in the following year, and up to
    \[NUMBER\] days in the succeeding years.

In addition to illness, sick leave may also be granted for medical,
dental, or optical examinations or when a member of your household
requires your personal care and attention due to illness.

1.  **PAY AND BENEFITS DURING SICK LEAVE**

Illness pay will be based on a regular eight-hour day at straight time
and at the employee's base rate. Illness absence of less than
\[NUMBER\]hours in a day will not be considered for payment. Saturdays,
Sundays, daily overtime hours, paid holidays, and paid vacation time are
excluded as time for which payment will be made under this program.

Weekly insurance benefits will continue to be paid commencing with the
first day of certified disability due to accidents and the fourth day
due to illness. Thus, in accident and illness cases, the insurance
benefit will be paid rather than the paid illness allowance, and any
unused illness allowance will be available for use later in the year as
needed.

1.  **CERTIFICATION OF ILLNESS**

Certification of illness by a physician will not normally be required to
qualify for payment under this program.

1.  **EFFECT ON PERFORMANCE**

While the company pays you for authorized sick days, we expect you to be
honest with us in taking days off only when you are actually ill. Any
abuse of this benefit will be taken into account in evaluations of your
performance. The company reserves the right to require a statement from
your doctor.

1.  **AT TERMINATION**

When termination of employment occurs, no payment for sick leave will be
made.

1.  **ACCRUAL OF SICK LEAVE**

Starting with the first day of employment, sick leave will accumulate at
the rate of \[NUMBER\]day per month. Sick leave may accumulate to a
maximum of \[NUMBER\]days.

An employee may receive compensation for his/her sick leave that has
accumulated in excess of \[NUMBER\] days at the rate of \[NUMBER\] day's
pay for each two \[NUMBER\] of sick leave accumulated in excess of
\[NUMBER\] days. Payment for unused sick leave will be made during the
month of \[MONTH\] each year, or at other times as designated by
\[PERSON WHO APPROVES SICK LEAVE\].

One day of sick leave for those employees who normally work a
\[NUMBER\]-hour week shall be \[NUMBER\] hours. A day of sick leave for
employees working \[NUMBER\] or more hours per week shall be \[NUMBER\]
hours.

Permanent part-time employees are entitled to sick leave as earned on a
pro rata basis. No sick leave shall accumulate to seasonal or temporary
employees. All sick leave payments are to be approved by \[PERSON WHO
APPROVES SICK LEAVE\]. Thus, any employee who is ill is responsible for
reporting his or her absence to the appropriate person within one hour
after his or her designated time for reporting to work.

# 
