# \[YOUR COMPANY NAME\]\'S SMOKING POLICY

1.  **WRITTEN POLICY**

The employee will receive a copy of this policy in the employee\'s
orientation packet. In addition, copies of the policy are posted in
various locations throughout this facility including \[NAME LOCATIONS;
E.G., THE BREAK ROOM\]. Additional copies are available upon request.

1.  **SMOKING IN THE WORKPLACE**

Because \[COMPANY NAME\] is a private building not open to the general
public, smoking at \[COMPANY NAME\] is not governed by state law or
local ordinance. \[COMPANY NAME\] allows employees who have private
offices to smoke in their offices. Employees who share offices must
refrain from smoking in the office if any employee in that office
objects. Smoking is not allowed in \[LIST NO SMOKING AREAS\]; however,
smoking is allowed in \[LIST DESIGNATED SMOKING AREAS\]. Please observe
the posted no smoking signs.

1.  **SMOKING/NO-SMOKING SIGNS**

To support its policy of not allowing smoking in other than designated
smoking areas, \[COMPANY NAME\] has posted \"No Smoking\" and
\"Smoking\" signs in the appropriate areas. Each sign posted in an area
where smoking is prohibited carries the internationally recognized
symbol for no smoking; a red circle containing a lit cigarette with a
line drawn diagonally through the circle. Please observe these signs at
all times.

1.  **NON-DISCRIMINATION**

What the employee does outside of working hours and off \[COMPANY
NAME\]\'s premises will not be the basis of any disciplinary action by
\[COMPANY NAME\]. Nor will \[COMPANY NAME\] pursue a policy of
discharging employees or refusing to hire applicants because they are
smokers.
