# HOLIDAY / VACATION POLICY

The following sample company policy statements are for holiday leave.
Generally, holidays are paid leave with no loss of credit for the
employee's length of service with the company. The policy below mentions
Floating Holidays, which are a couple of days you designate each year
just to give your employees a little more time off. If you don't want to
offer Floating Holidays, you should remove the reference. If you want
your policy to differ in other ways from the policy set out below, you
should change this policy to reflect those differences. If you make
substantive changes to this policy, however, you should have your
attorney look over the changes. A list of holidays typically provided by
employers is also included.

1.  **ANNUAL HOLIDAYS**

\[COMPANY NAME\] observes the following holidays:

-   New Year\'s Day

-   Memorial Day

-   Independence Day

-   Labor Day

-   Thanksgiving Day

-   Friday after Thanksgiving

-   Christmas Eve

-   Christmas Day

-   Floating Holiday

-   Personal Holiday

1.  **PAID HOLIDAYS**

All full-time employees will receive holiday pay of eight straight time
hours at their regular rate, provided the following conditions are
satisfied:

1.  Work a full shift on the employee\'s last scheduled work shift prior
    to the paid holiday.

2.  Work a full shift on the employee\'s first scheduled work shift
    following the holiday.

3.  Should the employee be unable to work either of these two days
    because of illness, proof of illness will be required in order to
    qualify for the paid holiday.

The shift differential for second and third shift employees will not be
included in holiday pay.

Holiday pay will not be paid if:

1\. The employee has been on the payroll for less than \[NUMBER\] days.

2\. The employee is on lay-off status.

3\. The employee is a temporary or seasonal employee.

4\. The employee is on leave of absence when the holiday occurs.

5\. The employee is requested to work during a paid holiday and the
employee refuse to do so.

Employees who are requested to work during a paid holiday will receive
holiday pay plus regular pay.

1.  **PAID HOLIDAYS DURING VACATIONS AND WEEKENDS**

If a holiday occurs during the employee\'s vacation, the employee\'s
vacation will be extended by the number of holidays falling during the
vacation period or an equal number of vacation days will be carried
forward for future use.

If any scheduled paid holiday falls on a Saturday, the holiday will
usually be observed on the preceding Friday. If the holiday falls on a
Sunday, the following Monday will usually be observed as the holiday.

1.  **OVERTIME**

Holidays are not considered a day worked for purposes of calculating
overtime unless work is actually performed.

\[THE FLOATING HOLIDAY CLAUSE BELOW MAY BE REMOVED IF IT DOES NOT APPLY
TO YOUR CIRCUMSTANCES.\]

1.  **FLOATING HOLIDAYS**

In addition to the named holidays for which eligible employees will
receive paid time off, \[COMPANY\] will schedule two floating holidays
each year. Floating holidays will be scheduled so as to provide eligible
employees with extended weekends by combining them with named holidays.

At the beginning of each calendar year, the employee will receive a
complete schedule of paid holidays, including paid floating holidays.

\[THE PERSONAL HOLIDAYS CLAUSE BELOW MAY BE REMOVED IF IT DOES NOT APPLY
TO YOUR CIRCUMSTANCES.\]

1.  **PERSONAL HOLIDAYS**

In addition to scheduled paid holidays, eligible employees are given two
floating holidays annually to be used as personal time off. Before
scheduling a personal holiday, the employee must obtain approval.
Requests for personal holidays must be made in writing not less than
\[NUMBER\] days in advance of the requested date.

1.  **RELIGIOUS HOLIDAYS**

\[COMPANY\] recognizes that there may be religious holidays (other than
those already designated at holidays) that employees would like to
observe. It may be possible to arrange these holidays as scheduled days
off, authorized absences without pay or personal time off. Requests for
time off to observe religious holidays must be approved.

1.  **VACATION TIME**

At the end of the employee\'s first year as a full-time employee of
\[COMPANY\], an employee is entitled to \[number\] days of paid
vacation. The employee\'s vacation days increase to \[number\] days
after five years of continuous employment with \[COMPANY\], \[NUMBER\]
days after \[NUMBER\] years of continuous employment with \[COMPANY\],
and \[NUMBER\] days after \[NUMBER\] years of continuous employment with
\[COMPANY\].

Vacation time may be taken in increments of one full day but in all
cases must be prescheduled and pre-approved. One day of vacation for
every five days that an employee is entitled to may be carried over to
the following year, but must be used before \[DATE\].

\[COMPANY\] does not provide paid vacation time for part-time employees.

1.  **VACATION PAY**

Vacation pay is the employee\'s regular rate of pay, excluding overtime
or holiday premiums. If the employee\'s regular rate of pay varies from
week to week, the employee\'s vacation pay will equal the employee\'s
average weekly hours or scheduled hours in the previous calendar quarter
not to exceed \[NUMBER\] hours.

Pay will not be granted in lieu of vacation time not taken.

1.  **SCHEDULING VACATIONS**

\[COMPANY\] will attempt to grant all employees vacation at the time
they desire to take it. However, \[COMPANY\] must maintain adequate
staffing at all times. Therefore, vacations must be scheduled in advance
and with prior written approval.

Where conflicts develop, they will be resolved as fairly as possible.
Preference will be given to the more senior employee, the employee who
can demonstrate the greater need for vacation at the conflicting time or
the employee who makes the earliest request.

\[THE PLANTWIDE SHUTDOWN CLAUSE BELOW MAY BE REMOVED IF IT DOES NOT
APPLY TO YOUR CIRCUMSTANCES.\]

1.  **PLANTWIDE SHUTDOWN**

It is \[COMPANY\] practice to have an annual shutdown of \[PERIOD OF
TIME\] during the month of \[MONTH\]. All employees, with the exception
of essential personnel, will take their normal vacations at this time.
For those employees who are entitled to more than 10 days of vacation,
the balance of that vacation must be scheduled. Employees who have been
employed for less than one year receive paid vacation in the amount
accrued as of the annual plant shutdown, providing they have completed
six months of service at \[COMPANY\].

1.  **HOLIDAY OR ILLNESS DURING VACATION**

When a holiday occurs during the employee\'s vacation time, the employee
will still receive pay for the holiday in addition to the employee\'s
vacation pay or the employee may select another day off.

If the employee is hospitalized while on vacation, the time from the
date of the employee\'s hospitalization until the employee\'s doctor
releases the employee may, at the employee\'s option, be charged against
the employee\'s short term disability benefits, rather than the
employee\'s vacation time. If this happens, the employee must notify
\[COMPANY\]. If the employee becomes ill while on vacation, but the
employee is not hospitalized, the employee\'s absence is charged against
vacation time.

1.  **TERMINATION AND VACATION PAY**

When employment ends for any reason, vacation time earned but not taken
by the employee will be included in the employee\'s final paycheck. At
the same time, vacation time taken in advance will be deducted from the
final paycheck.

1.  **VACATION ACCRUAL METHODS**

The following is a sample vacation accrual chart. You can modify your
vacation accruals to reflect additional credit for any factor you feel
deserve additional vacation as long as you are nondiscriminatory. If you
make substantive changes to this policy, you should have your attorney
look over the changes.

Employees who have completed one year of service and who work a
\[NUMBER\]-day, \[NUMBER\]-hour week, are entitled to vacation as
follows:

**Service Vacation**

6 months \[NUMBER\] week

1 year \[NUMBER\] weeks

2 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

3 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

4 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

5 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

6-10 years \[NUMBER\] weeks

11 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

12 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

13 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

14 years \[NUMBER\] weeks, \[NUMBER\] days

15-24 years \[NUMBER\] weeks

25 or more years \[NUMBER\] weeks

Vacation must be taken during the calendar year at times convenient to
you and your supervisor.

\[OR USE THE WAY TO CALCULATE ACCRUAL\]

1-5 years of service: an employee earns \[NUMBER\] day per month up to a
maximum of \[NUMBER\] day per year.

6-15 years of service: an employee earns \[NUMBER\]days per month up to
a maximum of \[NUMBER\] days per year.

16-25 years of service: an employee earns \[NUMBER\] days per month up
to a maximum of \[NUMBER\] days per year.

26 or more years of service: an employee earns \[NUMBER\] days per month
up to a maximum of \[NUMBER\] days per year.

1.  **VACATION ACCRUAL FOR NEW EMPLOYEES**

Vacation accrual based on years of service do not address new employees
who are hired after the beginning of the year. Vacation to new employees
during the year of hire is as schedule of vacation days based on month
of hire.

The schedule could be set up as follows:

**Month of Employment Vacation Days**

January \[NUMBER\] days

February \[NUMBER\] days

March \[NUMBER\] days

April \[NUMBER\] days

May \[NUMBER\] days

June \[NUMBER\] days

July \[NUMBER\] days

August \[NUMBER\] day

September-December \[NUMBER\] days

1.  **PART-TIME ACCRUAL**

Part-time employees may be eligible for vacation accrual on a pro-rata
basis based upon their regular workweek.

Thus, under the accrual schedule above, a regular part-time employee (in
the first through fifth year of service) who regularly works \[NUMBER\]
hours per week could earn one vacation day per month up to a maximum of
\[NUMBER\] days. One day of vacation would equal four hours (\[NUMBER\]
hours per week divided by five days in the week) and the maximum
vacation time that could be earned would be \[NUMBER\] hours (\[NUMBER\]
days multiplied by four hours).
