# VIOLENCE IN THE WORKPLACE PREVENTION POLICY

1.  **ZERO TOLERANCE**

This company has a policy of zero tolerance for violence. If you engage
in any violence in the workplace, or threaten violence in the workplace,
your employment will be terminated immediately for cause. No talk of
violence or joking about violence will be tolerated.

"Violence\" includes physically harming another, shoving, pushing,
harassing, intimidating, coercing, brandishing weapons, and threatening
or talking of engaging in those activities. It is the intent of this
policy to ensure that everyone associated with this business, including
employees and customers, never feels threatened by any employee's
actions or conduct.

1.  **WORKPLACE SECURITY MEASURES**

In an effort to fulfill this commitment to a safe work environment for
employees, customers, and visitors, a few simple rules have been
created. These are:

-   Access to the company's property is limited to those with a
    legitimate business interest.

-   All employees and employee vehicles entering the property must
    display company identification.

-   All visitors and visitor vehicles must register and display
    identification while on the property.

1.  **ALL WEAPONS BANNED**

The company specifically prohibits the possession of weapons by any
employee while on company property. This ban includes keeping or
transporting a weapon in a vehicle in a parking area, whether public or
private. Employees are also prohibited from carrying a weapon while
performing services off the company's business premises.

Weapons include guns, knives, explosives, and other items with the
potential to inflict harm. Appropriate disciplinary action, up to and
including termination, will be taken against any employee who violates
this policy.

1.  **INSPECTIONS**

Desks, telephones, and computers are the property of the business. We
reserve the right to enter or inspect your work area including, but not
limited to, desks and computer storage disks, with or without notice.

The fax, copier, and mail systems, including e-mail, are intended for
business use. Personal business should not be conducted through these
systems. Under conditions approved by management, telephone
conversations may be monitored and voice mail messages may be retrieved
in the process of monitoring customer service.

Any private conversations overheard during such monitoring, or private
messages retrieved, that constitute threats against other individuals
can and will be used as the basis for termination for cause.

1.  **REPORTING VIOLENCE**

It is everyone\'s business to prevent violence in the workplace. You can
help by reporting what you see in the workplace that could indicate that
a co-worker is in trouble. You are in a better position than management
to know what is happening with those you work with.

You are encouraged to report any incident that may involve a violation
of any of the company's policies that are designed to provide a
comfortable workplace environment. Concerns may be presented to your
supervisor.

All reports will be investigated and information will be kept
confidential.

\[*The following additional provisions deal with programs that, in
general, are limited to larger businesses with a substantial workforce.
They may be included, as applicable.*\]

1.  **TRAINING PROGRAMS**

As part of its commitment to preventing workplace violence, the company
has established training programs for all employees. Training will be
included as part of your orientation. Thereafter, you will be scheduled
for annual refresher training during the month that you initially joined
the business.

Please be advised that training is mandatory and attendance will be
taken. If you fail to attend training or make-up sessions, you will be
subject to suspension without pay until training is completed.

1.  **EDUCATION OFFERINGS**

In order to promote a peaceful working environment, we encourage
supervisors and employees to enroll in courses to learn more about
working with each other. Courses covering communication, problem
solving, building effective working relationships, stress management,
and related or similar course topics are supported by tuition
reimbursement, offered by our training department and, where
appropriate, supported for attendance at outside seminars.

1.  **EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM**

The company provides an employee assistance program (EAP) for all
full-time and part-time employees. This EAP offers services to these
employees and their eligible dependents. While we receive periodic
reports on the number and types of visits or calls made to the EAP, we
do not receive information about individual contacts with the EAP.

You are encouraged to use the EAP whenever you feel the need for
guidance in coping with life's difficulties. If you have difficulty
handling drugs or alcohol, the EAP can provide information on treatment.
The EAP is a confidential service to be used when you need help.

1.  **VIOLENCE PREVENTION TEAM**

We have created a violence prevention team to create and implement our
workplace violence prevention program. The team will also handle the
consequences of any incidents of violence that we experience, providing
assistance to employees and information to the media. The team will take
the steps necessary to continue or resume business. We believe that a
multidisciplinary approach is best suited to handle workplace violence
problems.

If you have suggestions for ways to improve the safety and security at
work, please pass them along to a team member or leave a suggestion in
any one of their mail boxes.

1.  **INCIDENT MANAGEMENT**

In the event of a major workplace incident that affects, or has the
potential to affect, the mental health of our workforce, we will provide
initial counseling and support services to you and your immediate family
members.

As the crisis passes and support systems are put into place for
individuals affected by the incident, the company will make every effort
to return to normal business operations. A reasonable effort will be
made to notify employees, customers, stockholders, and others who need
to know of the status of business operations directly whenever possible.
In cases where direct contact is not possible or practical, an effort
will be made to communicate through the news media and other available
resources.
