# POLICY ON AIDS

1.  **INTRODUCTION**

The following outlines \[COMPANY NAME\]'s policy and procedures for
interacting with employees who have been medically diagnosed with or who
are suspected of having the AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome)
virus.

1.  **PURPOSE**

The purpose of the AIDS policy is to reassure employees that AIDS is not
spread through casual contact during normal work practices and to reduce
unrealistic fears about contracting an AIDS virus-related condition.
This policy also protects the legal right to work of employees who are
diagnosed with an AIDS virus-related condition and provides guidelines
for situations where infection with the AIDS virus is suspected. Our
policy is to encourage sensitivity to and understanding for employees
affected with a condition of the AIDS virus.

1.  **GENERAL POLICY**

We are committed to maintaining a healthy work environment by protecting
the physical and emotional health and well-being of all employees in the
workplace. We also have a continuing commitment to provide employment
for people with physical disabilities who are able to work. This AIDS
policy is a direct outgrowth of those commitments. It provides
guidelines for situations when a question as to an AIDS virus-related
condition arises. There are three major points:

-   Employees who are diagnosed with an AIDS virus-related condition may
    continue to work if they are deemed medically able to work and can
    meet acceptable performance standards. We will provide reasonable
    performance standards and reasonable accommodation if necessary to
    enable these employees to continue working.

-   We provide AIDS education for all employees to help them understand
    how the AIDS virus is spread and to reduce unrealistic fears of
    contracting an AIDS virus-related condition.

-   The term "AIDS virus-related conditions" refers to the following
    four medically diagnosed conditions:

    1.  presence of the AIDS antibody without symptoms of AIDS

    2.  presence of an AIDS-Related Complex (ARC)

    3.  AIDS

    4.  central nervous system infection

1.  **MEDICAL OVERVIEW**

Medical experts on AIDS virus-related conditions have informed us that
there is** ***no *known risk of AIDS transmission between an affected
employee and other employees through either casual or close contact that
occurs during normal work activities.

An AIDS virus-related condition is not transmitted by breathing the same
air, using the same lavatories, touching a common piece of paper, or
using the same telephone. Transmission of the virus through oral
secretions or tears is not a recognized risk according to medical
authorities. Additionally, the virus is very fragile and has been found
to be transmitted only through intimate exchange of bodily fluids (for
example, blood or blood-contaminated tissue fluids such as semen or
vaginal fluid).

The AIDS virus attacks the immune system, causing a breakdown in a
person's normal protection against infection. This leaves the body
vulnerable to life-threatening illnesses. In addition, the virus by
itself can affect the nervous system.

Individuals of all sexual preferences are at risk of contracting an AIDS
virus-related condition. According to medical experts, the AIDS virus is
transmitted in the following ways: sexual contact through transmission
of semen or vaginal fluids; intravenous drug administration with
contaminated needles; administration of contaminated blood or blood
products; and passage of the virus from infected mothers to their fetus
or newborn. However, there is *no* evidence to suggest that pregnant
women are particularly susceptible to any AIDS virus-related illness or
condition. Recent medical evidence suggests that an AIDS virus-related
condition can have an incubation period of several weeks, months or
years before symptoms appear. Medical findings indicate that a person
who has a positive antibody test will not necessarily develop an AIDS
virus-related condition. The presence of the AIDS antibody is a sign of
infection, not immunity, unfortunately.

As is true for any person with a life-threatening illness, a person
diagnosed with an AIDS virus-related condition deserves and requires
compassion and understanding. While that person is attempting to cope
with his or her own vulnerability and fears, the support and
understanding of friends and colleagues can be particularly valuable.

Some people have fears about contracting AIDS based on misinformation or
lack of knowledge about how AIDS is spread. Education providing accurate
medical information can best alleviate fears of contracting an AIDS
condition.

1.  **SUPERVISOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES**

The physical and emotional health and well-being of all employees must
be protected, and reasonable accommodation for the medically impaired
employee with an AIDS virus-related condition must be provided, as long
as the employee is able to meet acceptable performance standards. To
ensure these goals are met, the following guidelines are to be followed:

-   Any employee diagnosed with an AIDS condition is entitled, as is any
    other employee, to confidentiality of their medical condition and
    medical records.

-   If an employee with an AIDS condition requests job accommodation for
    his/her medical condition, the employee must obtain a written
    medical opinion that he/she (a) is medically able to work and (b)
    needs reasonable job accommodation in order to maintain employment.

-   If it is deemed medically necessary, based upon current physical
    impairment, \[Company name\] and the employee's supervisor will work
    to bring about any reasonable job modification or job transfer of
    the employee with a diagnosed condition of AIDS.

-   If a healthy employee refuses to work with an employee who is
    diagnosed with an AIDS condition and is medically approved as able
    to work, job transfer or other work accommodation for the healthy
    employee will only occur when medically indicated by written order
    of his/her physician. The medical order must be a signed medical
    statement requesting this job change. In the absence of a medical
    order, normal transfer procedures will be followed.
