**CHECKLIST**

**SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT TERMS AND PROVISIONS **

[It is very important to legally protect your business, and that's why
all of your company's software should be covered by a license agreement.
Not all items are relevant in all contractual situations. In some
situations, other provisions may be appropriate that are not listed
below. This document is not intended to substitute for legal advice nor
legal wording provided by a competent advisor in the relevant legal
jurisdiction. Be sure to consult an attorney to make sure you include
all the necessary provisions in your license agreement. ]{.underline}

-   **[Title of contract]{.underline}**

-   **[Identity of the parties]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Individuals or business entities]{.underline}

-   [If businesses, what type? (partnership, corporation, LLC,
    etc.)]{.underline}

-   [Name of person signing on behalf of the business]{.underline}

-   [Signer's official title. Does he or she have authority to bind the
    business?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Addresses of the parties]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[General Purpose]{.underline}[ and preliminary
    matters]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Breach of limited warranty]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}[--]{.underline}[example]{.underline}**

[In case of a breach of the Limited Warranty, Licensee's exclusive
remedy is as follows: Licensee will return all copies of the Software to
Licensor, at Licensee's cost, along with proof of purchase. At
Licensor's option, Licensor will either send Licensee a replacement copy
of the Software, at Licensor's expense, or issue a full
refund.]{.underline}

-   **Limited warranty -- example**

[ Licensor warrants to Licensee that the physical medium on which this
Software is distributed is free from defects in materials and
workmanship under normal use, the Software will perform according to its
printed documentation, and to the best of Licensor's knowledge
Licensee's use of this Software according to the printed documentation
is not an infringement of any third party's intellectual property
rights. This limited warranty lasts for a period of \[NUMBER\] days
after delivery. To the extent permitted by law, THE ABOVE-STATED LIMITED
WARRANTY REPLACES ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND LICENSOR
DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. No agent of Licensor is authorized to make any other warranties
or to modify this limited warranty. Any action for breach of this
limited warranty must be commenced within one year of the expiration of
the warranty. Because some jurisdictions do not allow any limit on the
length of an implied warranty, the above limitation may not apply to
this Licensee. If the law does not allow disclaimer of implied
warranties, then any implied warranty is limited to \_\_\_\_ days after
delivery of the Software to Licensee. Licensee has specific legal rights
pursuant to this warranty and, depending on Licensee's jurisdiction, may
have additional rights.]{.underline}

-   **[Liabilities ]{.underline}[--]{.underline}[ example]{.underline}**

[ Notwithstanding the foregoing, LICENSOR IS NOT LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR
ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING COMPENSATORY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, CONNECTED WITH OR RESULTING FROM
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR LICENSEE'S USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Licensee's
jurisdiction may not allow such a limitation of damages, so this
limitation may not apply. ]{.underline}

-   **[Term and Termination of Agreement]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [How long will the agreement last?]{.underline}

-   [What are occurrences that can lead to early
    termination?]{.underline}

-   [Can either party terminate the relationship without
    cause?]{.underline}

-   [Where significant marketing dollars are involved, the parties will
    want to give the relationship a long enough time to determine
    whether it will be fruitful. At the same time, if there are ongoing
    payments required for marketing and advertising, at some point the
    party responsible for these payments may want to say "enough is
    enough" ]{.underline}

-   [What obligations do the parties have to each other upon
    termination?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Ongoing payments for receivables received after
    termination?]{.underline}

-   [Delivery of proprietary information?]{.underline}

-   [Discontinue using trademarks and other intellectual
    property?]{.underline}

-   [Do any provisions (i.e. confidentiality requirements) survive the
    termination of the agreement? If so, how long do they last?
    ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Indemnification agreement]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Is there indemnification for certain breaches or
    problems?]{.underline}

-   [What is the procedure required to obtain
    indemnification?]{.underline}

-   [Is there a cap on or exclusions from indemnification?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Default]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [What are the events of default?]{.underline}

-   [Does a party have a period to cure a default?]{.underline}

-   [What are the consequences of a default?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Arbitration clause]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [How are disputes to be handled -- litigation, mediation or
    arbitration?]{.underline}

-   [If arbitration, what rules will govern? (e.g., JAMS/Endispute or
    the American Arbitration Association)]{.underline}

-   [If arbitration, how many arbitrators and how will they be
    picked?]{.underline}

-   [If arbitration, will there be procedures for discovery and what the
    arbitrator can and can't do?]{.underline}

-   [If litigation, where can or must the litigation be
    brought?]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Waiver]{.underline}**

[An assertion that any delay or partial pursuit by one party of its
rights against the other party does not constitute a forfeiture of the
right to later seek further or complete remedy or redress to a
situation, should the need arise.]{.underline}

-   **[Assignment]{.underline}**

[Identifies if either party to the contract can transfer the contract,
in what partyle, or in part, to another party, and under what conditions
(if any).]{.underline}

-   **Severability**

[Explains that if any of the provisions of the contract are rendered
null and void, all other provisions remain in force.]{.underline}

-   **[Notice]{.underline}**

[Describes how and where the parties shall formally communicate to each
other in the event they need to take such action (e.g., all notices
shall be deemed to have been received by the other party within five
working days if sent by regular mail to the addresses
below).]{.underline}

-   **[Entire Agreement]{.underline}**

[Explains that the written contract is the only description of the
agreement between the vendor and buyer, regardless of what may have been
previously stated or written down. Explains the process for updating the
contract (often based upon mutual agreement, in writing).]{.underline}

-   **[Governing law]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Signatures of authorized signatories]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [What authority is required for one party to sign the contract
    (e.g., Board of Directors approval)?]{.underline}

-   [How many signatures are required?]{.underline}

-   [Are the signature blocks correct? ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Notarization]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Miscellaneous]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Attorneys fees]{.underline}

-   [Modification of Agreement]{.underline}

-   [Time of the Essence]{.underline}

-   [Survival]{.underline}

-   [Ambiguities]{.underline}

-   [Headings]{.underline}

-   [Necessary Acts and Further Assurances]{.underline}

-   [Execution]{.underline}

-   [Jury Trial Waivers]{.underline}

-   [Specific Performances]{.underline}

-   [Representation on Authority of Parties]{.underline}

-   [Force Majeure ]{.underline}

-   [Company seal]{.underline}

-   [Witness(es) ]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **[Indemnification]{.underline}**

[Licensee agrees to defend and indemnify Licensor and hold Licensor
harmless from all claims, losses, damages, complaints, or expenses
connected with or resulting from Licensee's business operations.
]{.underline}

-   **[Termination]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [Licensor has the right to terminate this License Agreement and
    Licensee's right to use this Software upon any material breach by
    Licensee.]{.underline}

-   [Licensee agrees to return to Licensor or to destroy all copies of
    the Software upon termination of the License.]{.underline}
