**CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION **

**EXCHANGE AGREEMENT**

This Confidentiality Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[INFORMATION RECEIVER NAME\]** (the \"Receiver\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[SOFTWARE DEVELOPER NAME\]** (the \"Developer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

WHEREAS, Developer is in the business of developing and marketing
business software. Developer owns software which provides advanced
capabilities and which constitutes proprietary information and a trade
secret of Developer (\"Software\"); and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto are desirous of jointly exploring areas of
mutual interest and benefit, including but not limited to the
distribution of the Software by the Receiver, and therefore certain
proprietary information may be transmitted to Receiver in the form of
user documentation, system documentation, functional overview, screen
layouts, report layouts, processing flowcharts, and other associated
documentation (\"Proprietary Information\"); and

WHEREAS, Receiver desires an opportunity to review and evaluate the
Software by consultation with Developer and examining Proprietary
Information of Developer and agrees to provide for proper safeguards to
protect the Proprietary Information.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual
covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, Developer and Receiver
hereby agree as follows:

1.  **NO JOINT VENTURE**

The parties hereto agree that this Agreement is for the purposes of
protecting proprietary information only. This Agreement is not a joint
venture or other such business arrangement; and any agreement between
the parties as to joint business activities will be set forth in
subsequent written agreements.

1.  **DEFINITION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

The term Proprietary Information shall include all information and data
furnished by Developer to Receiver, whether in oral, written, graphic or
machine-readable form, including but not limited to, designs,
procedures, formulas, discoveries, inventions, improvements, concepts,
and ideas, except such information and data as the parties agree in
writing is not proprietary or confidential. Information made available
to the general public shall not be considered to be Proprietary
Information.

1.  **NON-DISCLOSURE**

Receiver agrees to hold the Proprietary Information received in
confidence and not to show or disclose it to any third parties. It will
use reasonable means, not less than that used to protect its own
proprietary information, to safeguard the Proprietary Information. it
shall store the Proprietary Information in a safe place.

1.  **LIMITATION ON ACCESS**

Receiver shall limit the use of and access to the Proprietary
Information to its bona fide employees whose use or access is necessary
to effect the purposes of this Agreement, and shall notify each employee
to whom disclosure is made that such disclosure is made in confidence
and shall be kept in confidence, and shall enter into appropriate
agreements with its employees to protect the confidentiality of the
Proprietary Information, Receiver shall be responsible for any use or
disclosure of Proprietary Information by any of its employees or agents.
Receiver will not show or otherwise disclose the contents of the
Proprietary Information to independent contractors or consultants.

1.  **REMOVAL OF NOTICES**

Receiver shall not remove any copyright or proprietary rights notice
attached to or included in any Proprietary Information furnished by
Developer. Receiver shall reproduce all such notices on any copies. All
copies made by Receiver shall be also considered as Proprietary
Information.

1.  **USE OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

The Proprietary Information shall be used by Receiver for the sole
purpose of evaluating the Software. it shall not be used in developing
like Software either for internal or external use. Receiver shall not
make the Proprietary information available for use by or for the benefit
of any other party, whether or not for consideration.

1.  **RETURN OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

Receiver will return all Proprietary Information in written form,
including any copies made, to Developer upon the completion of
Receiver\'s review of the Software or upon request of Developer. The
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect for a
period of five (5) years. The provisions of Articles 2, 3 and 4 of this
Agreement shall survive any termination.

1.  **INJUNCTIVE RELIEF**

Receiver acknowledges that Developer will be irreparably harmed if
Receiver\'s obligations under this Agreement are not specifically
enforced and that Developer would not have an adequate remedy at law in
the event of an actual or threatened violation by Receiver of its
obligations. Therefore, Receiver agrees that Developer shall be entitled
to an injunction or any appropriate decree of specific performance for
any actual or threatened violations or breaches by Receiver, its
employees or agents without the necessity of Developer showing actual
damages or that monetary damages would not afford an adequate remedy.

1.  **NO ASSIGNMENT**

This Agreement may not be assigned by the Receiver. The obligations of
the Receiver under this

Agreement shall not terminate upon any attempted assignment.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE**

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] without reference to the
principles of conflict of laws. Suit under this Agreement shall only be
brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **SEVERABILITY**

If any part, term or provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal,
unenforceable, or in conflict with any law of a federal, state or local
government having jurisdiction over this Agreement, the validity of the
remaining portions or provisions shall not be affected thereby.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and with respect to the matter
contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings.
This Agreement shall not be modified except in writing.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by
their duly authorized representatives with full rights, power and
authority to enter into and perform this Agreement.

RECEIVER DEVELOPER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
