**CONSULTING AGREEMENT WITH **

**SHARING OF SOFTWARE REVENUES**

This Consulting Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[CONSULTANT NAME\]** (the \"Consultant\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, the Company is in the business of developing and marketing
software and possesses the rights to develop, market, and otherwise
exploit a computer program to be used by \[DESCRIBE\] for the purposes
of \[DESCRIBE\] (the \"Product\").

WHEREAS, the Consultant specializes in the production of custom computer
software packages in the \[SPECIFY\] industry.

WHEREAS, the Company is desirous of engaging the Consultant, and the
Consultant is willing to accept such engagement, to provide consulting
and other services to the Company in connection with the development of
the Product.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
herein contained, the parties hereto, intending, to be legally bound,
agree as follows:

1.  **EMPLOYMENT**

The Company agrees to employ the Consultant, and the Consultant hereby
agrees to accept such

employment, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

1.  **TERM**

Subject to earlier termination as hereinafter provided, the term of the
Consultant\'s employment hereunder (the \"Term\") shall commence on the
date hereof, shall terminate on \[DATE\] and shall be automatically
renewed from year to year thereafter unless either party gives at least
\[NUMBER\] days prior written notice of termination.

1.  **DUTIES**

During the Term the Consultant shall perform the development,
maintenance, support and consulting services with regard to the Product
as are specified on Schedule A attached hereto (the \"Services\") at
times mutually agreed to by the Company and the Consultant. The
Consultant shall at all times provide the services of the Project
Manager (\"Project Manager\") who shall maintain direct management
responsibility for the performance by the Consultant of the Services.
The Consultant shall also provide such programmers and other Consultant
Personnel (as hereinafter defined) as may be required to fulfill its
obligations hereunder and as may be reasonably acceptable to the
Company. The Consultant shall keep the Project Manager and other
Consultant Personnel reasonably available to the Company during the Term
and shall perform the Services in a timely, professional manner.

1.  **COMPENSATION**

    a.  For all Services rendered hereunder, the Company shall pay the
        Consultant a maximum consulting fee of \[AMOUNT\] during the
        Term payable weekly in arrears on the basis of \[AMOUNT\] per
        man-hour of Consultant Personnel time during the preceding week.

    b.  The Consultant shall also be entitled to receive a \[%\] share
        of the Net Profits attributable to the Product (the \"Profit
        Share\"). Net Profits shall be defined as all revenues generated
        from the Product and actually received by the Company less sales
        commissions and expenses, consulting fees, costs of development,
        marketing and production of the Product, administrative expenses
        and other overhead charges attributable thereto, interest
        expense in connection with financing of the Product and
        provision for income taxes with relation to Product revenues.

    c.  The Consultant shall maintain complete and accurate records of
        man-hours spent by the Consultant Personnel in connection with
        the performance of the Services and shall provide the Company
        with a statement at the end of each week detailing the Services
        rendered and the man-hours spent during the week then ended.

    d.  The Profit Share shall be payable by the Company within
        \[NUMBER\] days after the end of each quarter during the Term on
        the basis of Net Profits attributable to the Product during the
        quarter then ended. Each payment of the Profit Share shall be
        accompanied by a statement outlining the manner in which such
        payment was calculated. The Consultant shall have the right, at
        its sole cost and expense, to cause an independent certified
        public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Company to
        examine the Company\'s books and records (but only to the extent
        relevant to inquiry under this Paragraph 4(d)) during business
        hours, but not more than once a year, in order to verify the
        accuracy of the Company\'s calculation of the Consultant\'s
        Profit Share. Such accounting firm shall not disclose to the
        Consultant any information other than the verification of the
        accuracy of the payments of the Profit Share hereunder.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

The Consultant acknowledges that during its employment by the Company it
will or may be given access to information, including, without
limitation, source code, object code, algorithms, programs, computer
routines, documentation, flow charts, diagrams, internal specifications,
data, data bases, marketing plans and all work product developed or
under development by the Consultant or the Company during the Term,
which are confidential and proprietary to the Company (collectively,
\"Proprietary Information\"). The Consultant agrees to use reasonable
care to safeguard the Proprietary Information and to prevent the
unauthorized use or disclosure thereof by it or any of the Consultant\'s
Personnel.

1.  **NON-DISCLOSURE**

Either during or after the Term, the Consultant will not disclose to
anyone outside of the Company nor use in other than the Company\'s
business and on the Company\'s behalf, except with the prior written
permission of the Company, any invention, trade secret, work of
authorship, Proprietary Information or proprietary thing that relates in
any manner to the Product or any of the Company\'s actual or anticipated
business, research, development product, device or activity or that is
received in confidence by or for the Company from any other person. The
Consultant shall disclose or give access to Proprietary Information only
to partners, principals, agents, contractors or employees of the
Consultant (\"Consultant Personnel\") having a need-to-know in
connection with the performance of the Services hereunder, and only for
use in connection therewith, and only with the prior written consent of
the Company. The Consultant will advise all Consultant Personnel having
access to Proprietary Information of the confidential and proprietary
nature thereof and shall require all Consultant Personnel to execute an
agreement in the form of Schedule B attached hereto prior to gaining
access to the Proprietary Information. The Consultant agrees promptly to
furnish to the Company an original execution copy of each such agreement
signed by all Consultant Personnel.

1.  **REPRODUCTION OF NOTICES**

Any copies or reproductions of the Proprietary Information shall bear
the patent, copyright, trademark or proprietary notices contained in the
original.

1.  **RETURN OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

Upon termination of this Agreement, the Consultant shall return to the
Company any and all Proprietary Information (including any copies or
reproductions thereof) in its possession or control and shall cease
using any of such Proprietary Information.

1.  **NOTICE OF UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE**

The Consultant shall promptly advise the Company in writing if it learns
of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Proprietary Information by any
current or former Consultant Personnel or any other third party.

a.  The parties further agree that the Consultant will, at its sole cost
    and expense, execute and deliver all such further papers as may be
    necessary, including original applications and applications for
    renewal, extensions or reissues or patents, trademark registrations
    or copyright registrations, in any and all countries, to vest title
    thereto in the Company and its successors, assigns or nominees.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **NON-COMPETITION**

In recognition of the considerations described in Paragraph 5 and the
fact that the Services are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary
and intellectual character and that the Consultant\'s position with the
Company and its expertise are such that it would be capable of competing
with the Company, the Consultant covenants and agrees that it shall not
market or participate in the marketing of any Proprietary Information
and shall not consult or provide any services or products to any person
or organization in connection with a product performing functions
substantially similar to those performed by the Product, in each case
for a period of \[NUMBER\] years after the end of the Term or the
earlier termination of the Consultant\'s engagement with the Company.

1.  **SPECIFIC REMEDIES**

If the Consultant commits a breach of any of the provisions of
Paragraphs 5, 6 or 11, the Company shall have (1) the right and remedy
to have such provisions specifically enforced by any court having equity
jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach will
cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not
provide an adequate remedy and (ii) the right and remedy to require the
Consultant to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation,
profits, monies, accruals, increments or other benefits (collectively
\"Benefits\") derived or received by the Consultant as the result of any
transactions constituting a breach of any of such provisions, and the
Consultant hereby agrees to account for and pay over such Benefits to
the Company.

1.  **SURVIVAL**

Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of Paragraphs 5, 6,
8, 9 and 10 shall remain in effect indefinitely and shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.

1.  **INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS**

It is expressly agreed that the Company and the Consultant are acting
hereunder as independent contractors, and under no circumstances shall
any employees of one party be deemed the employees of the other for any
purpose. This Agreement shall not be construed as authority for either
party to act for the other party in any agency or other capacity or to
make commitments of any kind for the account of or on behalf of the
other except to the extent and for the purposes expressly provided for
herein. The Consultant shall be responsible for the conduct of all
Consultant Personnel. Individuals or subcontractors assigned by the
Consultant to perform the Services under this Agreement shall observe
the standard working rules of the Company while on the Company\'s
premises. The Company agrees to provide reasonable access to its
premises for Consultant Personnel, including access as reasonably
required after the Company\'s normal

working hours, subject to the Company\'s security operating procedures.

1.  **TERMINATION**

The Consultant\'s employment hereunder shall be terminated (a) upon the
Project Manager\'s death or disability, which shall be defined as the
Project Manager\'s inability to perform his duties required hereunder by
reason of illness or incapacity for a continuous period of \[NUMBER\]
days or for a period of \[NUMBER\] months in any \[NUMBER\] month
period, or (b) for cause, which shall be defined as the Consultant\'s
failure to comply with any of the material terms of this Agreement,
including, without limitation, the Consultant\'s violation of the
provisions of Paragraphs 5, 6 and I 1. In the event of the termination
of this Agreement, whether pursuant to this Paragraph 15, at the end of
the Term or otherwise, the Consultant shall have no rights to the
Product or against the Company except for its right to receive the
compensation specified in Paragraph 4(a) and (b) pro rated to the date
of termination.

1.  **USE OF TRADEMARKS**

Neither party shall use the other\'s name, logo or any facsimile thereof
in connection with its marketing, promotional or business generating
efforts without the prior written consent of the other party.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ARBITRATION**

    a.  Any dispute, controversy or claim relating to this Agreement or
        any breach or default in the performance of the terms and
        conditions thereof shall be settled by arbitration in
        \[STATE/PROVINCE\] in accordance with the then-existing
        arbitration rules promulgated by the
        \[ASSOCIATION/ORGANIZATION\]. The decision of the arbitrators
        shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment upon the
        award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court
        having jurisdiction thereof. Any arbitration award shall include
        attorneys\' fees for the prevailing party.

    b.  In any arbitration proceeding under Paragraph 18, the rights of
        the parties shall be determined according to the governing law
        set forth in Paragraph 17 above, and the arbitrators shall apply
        such law.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SEVERABILITY**

If any provisions of this Agreement is determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such
determination shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other part or provision of this Agreement.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous
proposals, both oral and written, negotiations, representations,
commitments, writings and all other communications between the parties.
It may not be released, discharged, changed or modified except by an
instrument in writing signed by a duly authorized representative of each
of the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

COMPANY CONSULTANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
