**DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT**

This Distribution Agreement (the "Agreement"), is effective \[EFFECTIVE
DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the "Company"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[DISTRIBUTOR NAME\]** (the \"Distributor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, Company has developed certain computer programs and related
documentation more particularly described in Schedule A attached hereto
(the \"Products\") and desires to grant Distributor

the right to market and distribute the Products; and

WHEREAS, Distributor is in the business of marketing and distributing
computer-related products and desires to have Developer grant to it the
right to market and distribute the Products.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
respective meanings indicated, such meanings to be applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of the terms defined:

## "**Agreement**" means this agreement, the Schedules attached hereto and any documents included by reference, as each may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

**"Affiliate"** means any company controlled by, controlling, or under
common control with Company. Affiliate means any person, corporation or
other entity: (i) which owns, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly,
twenty-five percent (25%) or more of any class of the voting stock of
Company or is, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly, in effective
control of Company; or (ii) twenty-five percent (25%) or more of any
class of the voting stock of which Company, or a party described in
paragraph (i), owns, now or hereafter, directly or indirectly, or of
which Company, or a party described in paragraph (i), is, now or
hereafter, directly or indirectly, in control.

**"Customer"** or **"End-User"** means any person or company who
purchases or leases Products from Distributor.

**"Delivery Point"** means Company\'s facilities at \[FULL ADDRESS\].
Delivery point means Distributor\'s facilities at \[FULL ADDRESS\].

**"Schedule"** means a Schedule attached to this Agreement.

**"Products" **means those items described in Schedule A. Products may
be deleted from or added to Schedule A and their specifications and
design may be changed by Company at its sole discretion at any time by
mailing written notice of such changes to Distributor. Each change shall
become effective \[NUMBER\] days following the date notice thereof is
sent to Distributor.

**"Specifications"** means those specifications set forth in Schedule D.

**"Territory"** means the geographic area or areas identified in
Schedule B.

**"Trademark"** means any trademark, logo, service mark or other
commercial designation, whether or not registered, used to represent or
describe the Products of Company, as set forth in Schedule E.

1.  **APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR**

    1.  **Appointment**

Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company\'s nonexclusive
distributor of Products in the Territory, and Distributor accepts that
position. It is understood that Company cannot lawfully prevent its
distributors located elsewhere from supplying Products for sale or use
within the Territory and that it has no obligation to do so.

OR

Company hereby appoints Distributor as Company\'s exclusive distributor
of Products in the Territory, and Distributor accepts that position.

1.  **LICENSE**

    1.  **Distribution License Conditions**

Distributor shall only distribute the Products to end-users (the
\"End-Users\") who enter into an End-User License Agreement (as
hereinafter defined). Except for certain modules of the Maintenance
Version (as hereinafter defined) provided by Company solely to
Distributor hereunder, the software Products shall be in executable
object code form only and Distributor shall have no other right to the
source code of such Products. Distributor shall not modify, translate,
decompile, nor create or attempt to create, by reverse engineering or
otherwise, the source code from the object code of the Products supplied
hereunder, or adapt the Products in any way or for use to create a
derivative work. Distributor may not, and may not permit End-Users to,
use, reproduce, sublicense, distribute or dispose of the Products, in
whole or in part, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement.

1.  **The Territory**

Distributor may market and distribute the Products solely within the
geographical limits set forth in Schedule B attached hereto (the
\"Territory\"). Company retains the right, in its sole discretion, to
change the Territory assigned to Distributor upon \[NUMBER\] days prior
written notice to Distributor.

1.  **License of the Products to End-Users**

In connection with Distributor\'s license and distribution of the
Products to End-Users, Distributor will have End-Users execute an
End-User License Agreement in the form attached hereto as Schedule C
(the \"End-User License Agreement\"). Distributor may not negotiate the
terms of the End-User License Agreement with any prospective End-User or
agree to any conflicting, different or additional terms from those set
forth in the End-User License Agreement without Company\'s prior written
consent. Company shall have no liability to Distributor in the event any
prospective End-User refuses to agree to enter into an End-User License
Agreement.

1.  **Product Changes**

Company retains the right, in its sole discretion, to upgrade or modify
the Products from time to time. In addition, upon \[NUMBER\] days prior
written notice to Distributor, Company may add or delete Products from
Schedule A. Upon receipt of any such notice of an upgrade or
modification, or upon the expiration of the notice period set forth
above for additions or deletions to Schedule A, Distributor shall cease
to market and distribute earlier versions of the Products deleted from
Schedule A.

1.  **License to Use Trademark and Trade Name**

Any and all trademarks and trade names which Company uses in connection
with the license granted hereunder are and remain the exclusive property
of Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to give
Distributor any right, title or interest in any trademark or trade name
of Company relating to the Products. Subject to notice from Company in
writing which modifies or cancels such authorization, during the term of
this Agreement, Distributor may use the trademarks and trade names
specified by Company in writing for normal advertising and promotion of
Products.

1.  **NO MODIFICATIONS OR BUNDLING**

    1.  **No Modifications**

The Distributor will not, without the prior written consent of the
Company modify, alter, adapt, disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile
or amend the Products in any way.

1.  **Distributor\'s Name and Logo**

The Distributor may, with the prior written approval of the Company,
affix the Distributor\'s name and logo on the Product in the manner
approved by the Company.

1.  **No Bundling**

The Distributor will not bundle, package or otherwise distribute the
Product with, or as part of, any other product or collection of products
without the prior written approval of the Company.

1.  **MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT**

    1.  **Company Support**

For the maintenance and support fee set forth in Section 5.3, Company
will provide Distributor with the maintenance services described in
Schedule F attached hereto (\"Company Support\"). Company reserves the
right to designate any modified or updated versions of the Product as
new Products, which are not required to be provided under Company
Support. Such new Products will only be provided to Distributor for
distribution to End-Users under maintenance subject to the payment of
additional license and support fees as designated by Company. Company
will use reasonable efforts to respond to Distributor\'s inquiries
regarding support in a timely manner, however, Company does not
guarantee the timeliness of its responses or that it will be able to
answer all of Distributor\'s inquiries.

1.  **Distributor Support**

Except for the explicit support obligations of Company set forth in
Section 5.1, Distributor shall remain solely responsible for all
installation, maintenance and support services to the End-Users with
regard to the Products. Company agrees to deliver to Distributor
together with the first Order delivered to Distributor a maintenance
version of such Products which shall include certain modules of the
software Products in source code form (the \"Maintenance Version\"). The
Maintenance Version shall be used solely by Distributor\'s personnel
providing maintenance services to End-Users and shall only be used at
Distributor\'s site. Distributor\'s failure to use or maintain the
confidentiality of the Maintenance Version pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.

1.  **Maintenance and Support Fee**

For the Company Support, Distributor shall pay to Company annually, in
advance, a maintenance and support fee equal to \[%\] of the Prices for
the Products licensed to all current End Users, or such amount as may
otherwise be agreed to in writing by Company (the \"Company Support
Fee\"). With each annual payment of the Company Support Fee, Distributor
shall include a list of all current End-Users and a report showing the
additions and deletions of End-Users from the previous list, and the
date of such addition or deletion.

4.  **Audit Rights**

Distributor shall maintain accurate books and records of all licenses
granted for the Products, End-Users receiving maintenance and the
Company Support Fees payable. Upon reasonable notice to Distributor, and
no more frequently than twice a year, Distributor shall make such books
and records available to Company, at Distributor\'s place of business
during normal business hours, to audit the payments being made by
Distributor hereunder.

4.  **Distributor Training**

For a period of \[NUMBER\] days after the date of this Agreement,
Distributor may request Company to provide \[NUMBER\] day of on-site
training and assistance to \[NUMBER\] of Distributor\'s personnel who
attend such training. After the \[NUMBER\] day period and for any
additional on-site training and assistance requested by Distributor,
Distributor agrees to pay Company\'s then current standard rates.
Distributor shall reimburse Company for any out-of-pocket expenses,
including travel-related expenses incurred by Company to attend the
training sessions.

4.  **End-User Training and Company Consulting Services**

Distributor shall be solely responsible for the training of End-Users.
Company shall be available at its then current standard rates to provide
training, special enhancements, customization and other special work or
services which are not covered by this Agreement.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

**6.1 Confidentiality**

Distributor acknowledges that in the course of dealings between the
parties, Distributor may acquire information about Company, its business
activities and operations, its technical information and trade secrets,
including but not limit to the Products, all of which are highly
confidential and proprietary to Company (the \"Confidential
Information\"). Confidential Information shall not include information
generally available to or known by the public, or information
independently developed outside the scope of this Agreement. Distributor
shall hold all such Confidential Information in strict confidence and
shall not reveal the same except pursuant to a court order or upon
request of Company. The Confidential Information shall be safeguarded
with at least as great a degree of care as Distributor uses to safeguard
its own most confidential materials or data relating to its own
business, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.

**6.2 Proprietary Rights**

Distributor acknowledges and agrees that the Products, and all copies
thereof, constitute valuable trade secrets of Company and/or proprietary
and confidential information of Company and title thereto remains in
Company. Ownership of all applicable copyrights, trade secrets, patents
and other intellectual property rights in the Products are and shall
remain vested in Company. All other aspects of the Products, including
without limitation, programs, methods of processing, design and
structure of individual programs and their interaction and programming
techniques employed therein shall remain the sole and exclusive property
of Company and shall not be sold, revealed, disclosed or otherwise
communicated, directly or indirectly, by Distributor to any person,
company or institution whatsoever other than as expressly set forth
herein. The copyright notice and restricted rights legends contained in
the Products shall appear on all tangible media distributed by
Distributor.

**6.3 Specific Remedies**

If Distributor commits a breach of any of the provisions of Sections 6.1
and 6.2 above, Company shall have, in addition to all other rights in
law and equity, (a) the right to have such provision specifically
enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged
and agreed that any such breach will cause irreparable injury to Company
and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy, and (b) the
right to require Distributor to account for and pay to Company all
compensation, profits, monies or other tangible benefits (collectively
\"Benefits\") derived or received as the result of any transactions
constituting a breach of any of the provisions of this Article 6, and
Distributor hereby agrees to account for and pay such Benefits.

1.  **LIMITED WARRANTY**

    1.  **Limited Warranty**

For \[NUMBER\] days after delivery of a Product to Distributor, Company
warrants that media upon which the Products are delivered shall be of
good quality and workmanship. Upon written notice from Distributor of
defective media for a Product, Company shall use reasonable efforts to
promptly provide replacement media.

1.  **Disclaimer of Warranties**

EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 7.1, THE PRODUCTS
ARE PROVIDED \"AS IF\". COMPANY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO
THE PRODUCTS OR DEFECTS IN THE TAPE, DISKETTE OR OTHER TANGIBLE MEDIA
AND DOCUMENTATION, OPERATION OF THE PRODUCTS, AND ANY PARTICULAR
APPLICATION OR USE OF THE PRODUCTS.

1.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR ANY OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, CLAIMS ARISING FROM MALFUNCTION OR DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCTS.
COMPANY\'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY HEREUNDER IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THE
AMOUNT PAID UNDER THIS AGREEMENT BY DISTRIBUTOR TO COMPANY WITHIN
\[NUMBER\] MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CAUSE GIVING RISE TO
THE CLAIM.

1.  **DISTRIBUTOR OBLIGATIONS**

**9.1 Marketing Efforts**

Distributor agrees to use its best efforts to promote the sale of the
Products in the Territory. Distributor agrees to permit Company to
review all of Distributor\'s promotion and advertising material for the
Products prior to use. Distributor shall not use and shall withdraw and
retract any promotion or advertising that Company finds unsuitable, or
is in breach of the terms of this Agreement. For the then current
license fee, Company agrees to deliver to Distributor a single-user
version of the software Product (the \"Single-User Version\"). In the
event Company delivers the Single-User Version to Distributor, use of
the Single-User Version shall be subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

**9.2 Prohibited Practices**

Distributor may not make any contracts or commitments on behalf of
Company nor make any warranties or other representations regarding the
Products other than those authorized herein or by Company in a separate
writing.

1.  **ACCOUNTS, AUDITS AND INSPECTION **

**10.1 Distributor to Keep Records**

The Distributor will keep all proper books, records and accounts
(\"Records\") relating to the distribution of the Product and will
retain such Records for a period of \[NUMBER\] years after the date of
termination of this Agreement.

**10.2 Company\'s Right to Inspect Records**

The Company is entitled, on \[NUMBER\] Business Days prior notice in
writing to the Distributor, to attend (or appoint an independent
accountant to attend) the Distributor\'s premises and inspect such of
the Distributor\'s Records as may be reasonably necessary to verify the
information contained in any Report delivered by the Distributor under
this Agreement. The Distributor must permit any such inspection at any
time up to \[NUMBER\] years after termination of this Agreement.

**10.3 Payment of Any Difference Revealed by Inspection**

**10.5 If Reports Not Delivered**

A.  If the Distributor fails to deliver a Report or Reports within the
    time required by Article 5.4, the Company may appoint an independent
    accountant to examine the Records of the Distributor for the purpose
    of ascertaining the amount payable by the Distributor for the
    relevant Calendar Quarter.

B.  The Distributor will permit that accountant to inspect the
    Distributor\'s Records.

C.  The amount certified by that accountant to be payable in respect of
    any Calendar Quarter together with the costs and expenses of that
    inspection are payable by the Distributor within \[NUMBER\] days of
    demand by the Company for that amount, such demand to be in writing
    and accompanied by a copy of the accountant\'s report.

**10.6 Inspection of Distributor\'s Facilities**

In addition to the foregoing rights of inspection, the Company may
during regular Business Hours on not less than \[NUMBER\] Business
Days\' prior written notice inspect the Distributor\'s premises and
facilities in order to verify the Distributor\'s compliance with any
terms of this Agreement.

1.  **MARKETING AND PROMOTION**

**11.1 Marketing Plan**

The Distributor will comply with the Marketing Plan in relation to the
publicity, advertising and marketing strategies of the Product in the
Territory. Any variations to the Marketing Plan will be agreed in
writing by the parties. Distributor shall be entitled, during the term
of the distributorship created by this Agreement and any extension
thereof, to advertise and hold itself out as an authorized Distributor
of the Products.

**11.2 Company to Approve all Marketing Material **

The Distributor will submit all advertising, sales promotion and public
relations material used from time to time by the Distributor and
relating to the Product for the Company\'s prior written approval.
Subject to Article 11.2, no such material may be used in conjunction
with the promotion of the Product without the Company\'s prior written
approval.

**11.3 Company\'s Approval**

The Company will notify the Distributor within \[NUMBER\] Business Days
following receipt of the material referred to in Article 11.2 whether it
approves, disapproves or requires any alteration to such material. If no
notification is received within the said period, the Company will be
deemed to have given its approval. The Company will not unreasonably
withhold its consent to such material.

1.  **WITHDRAWAL OF PRODUCT**

**12.1 Suspension of Distribution**

The Company may direct the Distributor in writing to suspend the
distribution of the Product (and the Distributor will comply with that
direction) for a period up to \[NUMBER\] days (\"Suspension Period\")
if:

A.  The Product is defective; or

B.  If the Company is advised by its legal advisers that the Product:

i\) infringes or may infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any
person; or

ii\) is or may be defamatory, obscene, false, misleading or deceptive.

**12.2 Distributor to Notify**

If the Distributor becomes aware of any of the matters described in
Articles 12.1(A) or (B), the Distributor will immediately notify the
Company in writing and request the Company to issue a direction under
Article 12.1. The Company will not be obliged to issue any such
direction.

**12.3 If Company is Unable to Rectify the Product**

If the Company is unable to rectify the Product within the Suspension
Period, such inability will constitute a Termination Event.

**12.4 If Company is Able to Rectify the Product**

If the Company is able to rectify the Product within the Suspension
Period (or any extension thereof agreed by the parties) the Distributor
must resume distribution of the Product.

1.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

**13.1 Term**

This Agreement shall have an initial term of \[NUMBER\] years from the
Effective Date (the \"Initial Term\"), and shall thereafter
automatically renew for successive \[NUMBER\] year(s) periods (each a
\"Renewal Term\"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. Either party may cancel this Agreement
effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term, by
serving written notice of such termination on the other party at least
\[NUMBER\] days prior to the effective date thereof.

**13.2 Company Termination**

This Agreement may be terminated immediately by Company under any of the
following conditions:

A.  If one of the parties shall be declared insolvent or bankrupt;

B.  If a petition is filed in any court to declare one of the parties
    bankrupt or for a reorganization under the Bankruptcy Law or any
    similar statute and such petition is not dismissed in \[NUMBER\]
    days or if a Trustee in Bankruptcy or a Receiver or similar entity
    is appointed for one of the parties;

C.  If Distributor does not pay Company within \[NUMBER\] days from the
    date that any payments are due hereunder;

D.  If Distributor breaches the provisions of Sections 6.1 or 6.2 of
    this Agreement; or

E.  If Distributor otherwise materially breaches the terms of this
    Agreement, and such breach is not cured within \[NUMBER\] days after
    written notice of such breach is given by Company.

**13.3 Duties Upon Termination**

Provided termination is not a result of a material breach of Sections
6.1 or 6.2, the parties agree to continue their cooperation in order to
effect an orderly termination of their relationship. Distributor may
continue running the Maintenance Version solely for purposes of
providing maintenance to End-Users granted licenses pursuant to an End
User License Agreement prior to termination. Upon termination,
Distributor shall have no right to order or receive any additional
copies of the Products and all of Distributor\'s rights and licenses
granted hereunder shall immediately cease. Within \[NUMBER\] days of
termination, Distributor shall return all copies of any promotional
materials, marketing literature, written information and reports
pertaining to the Products that have been supplied by Company.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

**14.1 Copyright Indemnification**

Company shall indemnify, defend and hold Distributor harmless from any
claims, demands, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable
attorneys\' fees, directly resulting from any infringement or violation
of any copyright with respect to the Products, as so awarded against
Distributor by a court of competent jurisdiction, and provided
Distributor is not in breach of this Agreement. Following a decision by
a court of competent jurisdiction that the Products infringe any third
party\'s copyright, Company shall, in its sole discretion:

A.  Procure for Distributor the right to continue to use, distribute and
    sell the Products at no additional expense to Distributor;

B.  Provide Distributor with a non-infringing version of the Products
    with substantially similar functionality;

C.  Notify Distributor that the Products are being withdrawn from the
    market and immediately terminate this Agreement.

**14.2 Distributor Indemnification**

Distributor shall indemnify, defend and hold Company harmless from any
claims, demands, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable
attorneys\' fees, incurred by Company as a result of any claim or
proceeding against Company arising out of or based upon (i) the
combination, operation or use of the Products with any hardware,
products, programs or data not supplied or approved in writing by
Company, if such infringement would have been avoided but for such
combination, operation or use or (ii) the modification of the Products
by Distributor or End-Users.

1.  **REFERRALS**

If Company or any Affiliate is contacted by any party inquiring about
the purchase of Products in the Territory (other than Distributor or a
party designated by Distributor), Company shall, or shall cause that
Affiliate to, refer such party to Distributor for handling.

1.  **RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES **

    A.  Distributor is an independent contractor and is not the legal
        representative or agent of Company for any purpose and shall
        have no right or authority (except as expressly provided in this
        Agreement) to incur, assume or create in writing or otherwise,
        any warranty over any of Company\'s employees, all of whom are
        entirely under the control of Company, who shall be responsible
        for their acts and omissions.

    B.  Distributor shall, at its own expense, during the term of this
        Agreement and any extension thereof, maintain full insurance
        under any Workmen\'s Compensation Laws effective in the
        jurisdiction or other applicable law covering all persons
        employed by and working for it in connection with the
        performance of this Agreement, and upon request shall furnish
        Company with satisfactory evidence of the maintenance of such
        insurance.

    C.  Distributor accepts exclusive liability for all contributions
        and payroll taxes required under Federal Social Security Laws
        and State Unemployment Compensation Laws or other payments under
        any laws of similar character in any applicable jurisdiction as
        to all persons employed by and working for it.

    D.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to create
        any partnership or joint venture relationship between the
        parties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SALE OF PRODUCTS BY DISTRIBUTOR**

Distributor agrees to exercise its best efforts to develop the largest
possible market for the Products in the Territory and shall continuously
offer, advertise, demonstrate and otherwise promote the sale of Products
in the Territory.

A.  The parties have consulted together and now agree that if
    Distributor\'s best efforts are used as provided in this Section, a
    minimum of \[SPECIFY\] Products (\"Annual Market Potential\") will
    be purchased and distributed in the Territory during the first year
    of this Agreement.

B.  At the beginning of each subsequent year hereunder the parties will
    consult together in good faith and agree on the Annual Market
    Potential applicable to that year; provided, however, that if they
    cannot agree, the Annual Market Potential for the immediately
    Preceding year will apply to the current year.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMPETING PRODUCTS **

Distributor agrees that it will not distribute or represent any Products
in the Territory which compete with the Products during the term of this
Agreement or any extensions thereof.

1.  **NEW PRODUCTS**

If Company or any Affiliate now or hereafter manufactures or
distributes, or proposes to manufacture or

distribute, any product other than the Products, Company shall
immediately notify, or cause such Affiliate to notify, Distributor of
that fact and of all details concerning that product. Distributor may
request from Company distribution rights for that product in the
Territory, or any portion thereof, and if so requested, Company shall
grant, or shall cause the subject Affiliate to grant, such distribution
rights to Distributor on

terms and conditions no less favorable than th ose provided in this
Agreement with respect to Products.

If Distributor does not obtain those distribution rights or obtains them
only for a portion of the Territory, and Company or an Affiliate later
desires to offer those distribution rights for the Territory or any
portion thereof to another party, Company shall first, or shall cause
such Affiliate to first, make that offer in writing to Distributor on
terms and conditions which shall be specified fully in that offer. That
offer shall contain a full description of the subject product and its
operation.

Distributor may request, and Company shall promptly provide, or shall
cause such Affiliate promptly to provide, further information concerning
the product or the offer. If Distributor fails to accept such offer,
Company or the Affiliate may then offer the product to another party for
distribution in the Territory, but may not offer it on terms and
conditions more favorable than those offered to Distributor. If Company
or the Affiliate desires to make a better offer to another party,
Company shall first, or shall cause the affiliate first to, make such
better offer to Distributor in accordance with the procedure set forth
above.

1.  **DISTRIBUTOR SALES, SERVICE AND STORAGE FACILITIES **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  Distributor shall, at its expense, engage and maintain a sales,
    service and products handling organization in the Territory, staffed
    with such experienced personnel as are necessary to enable
    distributor to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

B.  Distributor shall, at its expense, maintain facilities and personnel
    in the Territory that will enable it promptly and satisfactorily to
    perform, at a reasonable price, all necessary servicing of Products
    sold by Distributor. To assist Distributor in the discharge of this
    service and maintenance function, Company shall provide service and
    maintenance training, without charge, to any reasonable number of
    Distributor\'s personnel as Distributor shall designate.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TRAINING OF DISTRIBUTOR**

As promptly as practicable after execution of the Agreement, Company
shall transmit to Distributor information, materials, manuals and other
technical documents necessary to enable Distributor to perform its
obligations under this Agreement. Throughout the term of this Agreement
and any extension thereof, Company shall continue to give Distributor
such technical assistance as Distributor may reasonably request.
Distributor shall reimburse Company for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Company in providing technical assistance.

1.  **TERMS OF PURCHASE AND SALE OF PRODUCTS**

    a.  Distributor shall purchase its requirements for the Products
        from Company. Such requirements shall include (i) purchasing and
        maintaining an inventory of Products that is sufficient to
        enable Distributor to perform its obligations hereunder,
        and (ii) at least one (1) demonstration model of the Products.

    b.  Each order for Products submitted by Distributor to Company
        shall be subject to the written acceptance of Company, and
        Company may, in its own discretion, accept or reject any order
        for Products without obligation or liability to Distributor by
        reason of its rejection of any such request.

    c.  Company shall supply to Distributor sufficient Products to
        enable Distributor to meet the full demand for Products in the
        Territory.

    d.  All orders for Products transmitted by Distributor to Company
        shall be deemed to be accepted by Company at the time such
        orders are received by Company to the extent that they are in
        compliance with the terms of this Agreement and Company shall
        perform in accordance with all accepted orders. Company shall
        confirm its receipt and acceptance of each order written
        \[NUMBER\] days of receipt of the order.

    e.  Purchases for Resale only. All Products purchased by Distributor
        shall be purchased solely for commercial resale or lease,
        excepting those Products reasonably required by Distributor for
        advertising and demonstration purposes.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ORDER PROCEDURE **

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Each order for Products issued by Distributor to Company under this
    Agreement shall identify that it is an order and shall further set
    forth the delivery date or dates and the description and quantity of
    Products which are to be delivered on each of such dates. An order
    for Products shall not provide a delivery date less than \[NUMBER\]
    days after the date that order is delivered to Company.

b.  The individual contracts for the sale of Products formed by
    Distributor\'s submission of orders to Company pursuant to the terms
    and conditions hereof shall automatically incorporate, to the extent
    applicable, the terms and conditions hereof, shall be subject only
    to those terms and conditions (together with all terms in orders
    which are contemplated by this Agreement) and shall not be subject
    to any conflicting or additional terms included in any documents
    exchanged in connection therewith.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **CANCELLATION OF ORDERS**

All cancellation of orders by Distributor shall be in writing, or if not
initially in writing, shall be confirmed in writing. If Distributor
cancels an order, which has been accepted by Company, Distributor shall
reimburse Company for any cost incident to such order incurred by
Company prior to the time it was informed of the cancellation.

1.  **PURCHASE PRICE **

The prices for Products, and any discounts applicable thereto, are set
forth in Schedule G. All prices are F.O.B. the Delivery Point. If the
price for any Product is not set forth on Schedule G and Distributor
nevertheless orders such a Product from Company, the parties hereby
evidence their intention thereby to conclude a contract for the sale of
that Product at a reasonable price to be determined by the Parties
mutually negotiating in good faith.

1.  **PRICE CHANGES**

Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change prices or
discounts applicable to the Products. Company shall give written notice
to Distributor of any price change at least \[NUMBER\] days prior to the
effective date thereof. The price in effect as of the date of
Distributor\'s receipt of notice of such price change shall remain
applicable to all orders received by Company prior to that effective
date.

1.  **PACKING**

Company shall, at its expense, pack all Products in accordance with
Company\'s standard packing procedure, which shall be suitable to permit
shipment of the Products to the Territory; provided, however, that if
Distributor requests a modification of those procedures, Company shall
make the requested modification and Distributor shall bear any
reasonable expenses incurred by Company in complying with such modified
procedures which are in excess of the expenses which Company would have
incurred in following its standard procedures.

1.  **DELIVERY: TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS**

All deliveries of Products sold by Company to Distributor pursuant to
this Agreement shall be made F.O.B. the Delivery Point, and title to and
risk of loss of Products shall pass from Company to Distributor at the
Delivery Point. Distributor shall be responsible for arranging all
transportation of Products, but if requested by Distributor, Company
shall, at Distributor\'s expense, assist Distributor in making such
arrangements. Distributor shall also procure insurance for the
transportation of the Products, and such insurance shall be of a kind
and on terms current at the port of shipment. In the event that Company
is requested to assist Distributor in arranging for transportation,
Distributor shall reimburse Company

for all costs applicable to the Products following their delivery to
Distributor, including, without limitation, insurance, transportation,
loading and unloading, handling and storage. Distributor shall pay all
charges, including customs duty and sales tax, incurred with respect to
the Products following their Delivery to the carrier or forwarder.

1.  **INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE **

Promptly upon the receipt of a shipment of Products, Distributor shall
examine the shipment to determine whether any item or items included in
the shipment are in short supply, defective or damaged. Within
\[NUMBER\] days of receipt of the shipment, Distributor shall notify
Company in writing of any shortages, defects or damage which Distributor
claims existed at the time of delivery. Within \[NUMBER\] days after the
receipt of such notice, Company will investigate the claim of shortages,
defects or damage, inform Distributor of its findings, and deliver to
Distributor Products to replace any which Company determines, in

its sole discretion, were in short supply, defective or damaged at the
time of delivery.

1.  **PAYMENT**

Upon delivery and acceptance of Products, Company may submit to
Distributor Company\'s invoice

for those Products. Distributor shall pay each such proper invoice
within \[NUMBER\] days after Distributor\'s receipt of that invoice.
Payment shall be made in \[CURRENCY\] to a bank account to be notified
in writing by Company to Distributor.

1.  **FORCE MAJEURE**

Neither party shall be liable or deemed to be in default for any delay
or failure in performance under this Agreement or interruption of
service resulting directly or indirectly from acts of God, or any causes
beyond the reasonable control of such party.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

This Agreement is not assignable by either party hereto without the
consent of the other, except that this Agreement shall be assignable by
Company to an affiliate entity or upon the sale of the right to license
and sublicense the Products to the purchaser of said right. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
and their respective successors.

1.  **SEVERABILITY AND WAIVER**

**36.1 Severability**

If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such determination shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other part or provision
of this Agreement. No waiver by any party of any breach of any
provisions hereof shall constitute a waiver unless made in writing
signed by the party.

**36.2 No Waiver Except by Notice in Writing**

No right under this Agreement is waived or deemed to be waived except by
notice in writing signed by the party waiving the right.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Agreement, including the Schedules attached hereto, contains the
entire understanding of the parties and there are no commitments,
agreements, or understandings between the parties other than those
expressly set forth herein. This agreement shall not be altered, waived,
modified, or amended except in writing signed by the parties hereto and
notarized.

1.  **ARBITRATION**

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract or
the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration to be held in the
\[CITY, STATE\], in accordance with the law in this jurisdiction, and
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in
any Court having jurisdiction thereof.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Jurisdiction for litigation of
any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement, or the breach thereof shall be only in the Federal or
the State Court with competent jurisdiction located in
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **INTERPRETATION**

In this Agreement:

A.  Headings and underlinings are for convenience only and do not affect
    the interpretation of this Agreement;

B.  A reference to this Agreement includes an Annexure, Exhibit or
    Schedule to this Agreement;

C.  A provision of this Agreement will not be interpreted against a
    party just because that party prepared the provision;

D.  Words importing a gender include any gender;

E.  A reference to an agreement other than this Agreement includes an
    undertaking, agreement or legally enforceable arrangement or
    understanding whether or not in writing;

F.  A reference to an Article or Schedule is a reference to an Article
    or Schedule to this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

COMPANY DISTRIBUTOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE]{.underline}[ A]{.underline}**

**[THE PRODUCTS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE B]{.underline}**

**[THE TERRITORY]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE C]{.underline}**

**[END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE D]{.underline}**

**[SPECIFICATIONS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE E]{.underline}**

**[TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE F]{.underline}**

**[MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE G]{.underline}**

**[PRICES AND DISCOUNTS FOR PRODUCTS]{.underline}**
