**LICENSEE ORIENTED SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Licensee Oriented Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is
made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth
herein, Licensee and Licensor hereby agree as follows:

1.  **LICENSE**

    1.  **Software License**

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a perpetual, irrevocable,
non-exclusive license (the \"License\") to use the program supplied
hereunder (the \"Program\") and other materials related thereto (the
\"Documentation\", which collectively with the Program is referred to
herein as the \"Software\"), subject to the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth in this Agreement and the schedules annexed to
this Agreement (the \"Schedules\'\').

1.  **License Fee and Payment**

As consideration for the License, Licensee will pay Licensor the amounts
set forth in Schedule A annexed hereto pursuant to the terms stated
therein.

1.  **LICENSED SOFTWARE**

    1.  **The Program**

The Program will consist of the modules or components, will perform the
functions and will comply with the proposals and specifications
identified or set forth on Schedule B annexed hereto. Licensor is
required to deliver to Licensee the number of copies of the Program
specified in Schedule B, which shall be contained on machine-readable
media which can be read by the hardware on which the Program is to be
run (the \"Hardware\"), as specified in Schedule C annexed hereto.
Licensee will have the right, as part of the License granted herein, to
make as many additional copies of the Program as it may deem necessary.

1.  **Documentation**

The Documentation will consist of any and all operator\'s and user\'s
manuals, training materials, guides, commentary, listings and other
materials for use in conjunction with the Program, as set forth in
Schedule B. Licensor is required to deliver to Licensee the number of
copies of said Documentation as specified in Schedule B. Licensee will
have the right, as part of the License granted herein, to make as many
additional copies of the Documentation as it may deem necessary.

1.  **Source Code**

The Program is deemed to include: its source code form; a compiler, or
similar computer program which can convert the source code into the
object code form of the Program; and the Documentation is deemed to
include all relevant commentary, including explanation, flow charts,
algorithm and subroutine descriptions, memory and overlay maps and other
documentation of the source code (\"Commentary\"). Licensor is required
to deliver to Licensee with the object code, the number of copies of the
complete source code and compiler contained on machine readable media
which can be read by the Hardware as is specified in Schedule B, as well
as the number of copies of the complete listing of the source code and
Commentary as specified in Schedule B. Licensee will have the right, as
part of the License, to make as many additional machine readable or
other copies of the source code, the listing thereof and Commentary for
its own use as it may deem necessary. In the event of the dissolution,
bankruptcy or insolvency of Licensor, Licensee shall own its copies of
the Software.

1.  **Source Code Escrow**

No later than the time of Licensor\'s delivery of the Program and
Documentation to Licensee, as specified below, Licensor shall place in
escrow a fully commented and documented copy of the source code form of
the Program, a listing thereof and all relevant Commentary, of said copy
of the source code, a listing thereof and Commentary to the Escrow Agent
under the Software Deposit Agreement. If Licensor corrects any defects
in, or provides any revision to, the Program under Section 7.2 hereof,
or under any software maintenance agreement, Licensor shall
simultaneously furnish the Escrow Agent with a corrected or revised copy
of the source code form of the Program, a revised listing thereof, and
revised Commentary.

1.  **OPERATING ENVIRONMENT AND MODIFICATIONS**

    1.  **Operating Environment**

The Program, and each module or component and function thereof, will be
capable of operating fully and correctly on the Hardware and the
operating system specified in Schedule C. The computer programming
language in which the Program, as delivered, will be written, and any
compiler or other computer program which, in addition to the operating
system, must be present in order for the Program to function fully, are
also specified in Schedule C. Unless expressly indicated in Schedule C,
the addition or connection of other computer equipment to the Hardware
will not adversely affect performance of the Program. The Documentation
will in all cases be fully applicable to use of the Program on the
Hardware and in conjunction with the operating system or other required
programs set forth in Schedule C, if any, and will identify and reflect
any particular features of any of same which may affect the normal use
and operation of the Program.

1.  **Conversion**

Licensor represents that the Program and Documentation are currently
fully operational and being used on the configuration of Hardware and
operating system and other required computer programs, if any, specified
in Schedule C. After execution of this Agreement, Licensor shall
promptly make any modifications to the Software called for by Schedule D
annexed hereto and convert the program to run on the Hardware and
operating system, and the program shall be written in the computer
language specified in Schedule C.

1.  **Custom Modifications**

Licensor shall make certain modifications to the Software, prior to
delivery of same to Licensee, as specified in Schedule D. The Program
and Documentation shall be deemed to include all such modifications for
all purposes hereunder. The total separate charge for such modifications
shall be payable as set forth in Schedule A. In the event the Software
as modified hereunder is accepted, then Licensee shall be deemed the
owner of such modifications and Licensor shall not distribute the
Software with such modifications to any other party unless it first
agrees to pay Licensee a reasonable royalty, pursuant to such other
reasonable terms as the parties may agree upon.

1.  **DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION**

    1.  **Delivery**

Within \[NUMBER\] days of the execution of this Agreement by Licensor,
and upon no less than \[NUMBER\] days prior notice to Licensee, Licensor
shall deliver to Licensee\'s premises set forth in Schedule E (the
\"Site\"), the required number of copies of the object code form of the
Program, together with the required number of copies of the source code,
compiler, Commentary, listings and other Documentation. Upon at least
\[NUMBER\] days notice to Licensor, Licensee may, at no cost, postpone
the delivery of the Software to a mutually agreed upon date no more than
\[NUMBER\] days thereafter. Licensor shall bear all freight, shipping
and handling costs for such delivery of the Software and all risk of
loss, including any insurance costs. If Licensor fails to make timely
delivery of the Software as provided above, then Licensee may elect to
cancel this Agreement and Licensor shall immediately refund all sums
previously paid to it by Licensee hereunder.

1.  **Program Installation and Acceptance**

Licensee shall install the Program on the Hardware as specified in
Schedules C and E annexed hereto. Licensee shall conduct all of its own
testing procedures on the Program as set forth in Schedule F annexed
hereto. The successful completion of Licensee acceptance testing will be
deemed Licensee\'s acceptance of the Program. In the event that the
Program fails to pass any of the Licensee testing procedures, or fails
to function properly or in conformity with the description,
specifications and Documentation set forth in Schedule B, then Licensor
will have \[NUMBER\] days in which to correct such defect and cause the
Program to successfully pass all such tests or function as aforesaid,
failing which Licensee may elect to cancel this Agreement and Licensor
shall immediately refund all sums previously paid to it by Licensee
hereunder.

1.  **SCOPE OF USE**

    1.  **Site License**

Licensee will use the Program only at the Site identified in Schedule E.
Notwithstanding, Licensee may, at any time, without prior notice to or
consent of Licensor, transfer the Program to any other location of
Licensee, its affiliates or subsidiaries or other entities owned or
controlled by Licensee (collectively, \"Licensee\"). Licensee shall
thereafter promptly give Licensor notice of such new location.

1.  **Multiple Use Option**

Licensee will have the option to extend the License to include
simultaneous use of the Program at additional Sites (as defined above)
within Licensee, which it may exercise in its sole discretion at any
time and from time to time by tendering to Licensor payment pursuant to
Schedule E for each additional Site at which the Program will be so
used, together with a notice identifying such additional location.

1.  **TRAINING**

The License Fee set forth in Schedule A shall include all costs for the
training of Licensee\'s employees on the use and operation of the
Program on the Hardware as specified in Schedule G annexed hereto

including instruction in any necessary conversion of Licensee\'s data
for such use.

1.  **RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS**

    1.  **Licensor\'s Warranties**

Licensor hereby warrants and represents to Licensee as follows:

A.  **Ownership**: Licensor is the owner of the Software or otherwise
    has the right to grant to Licensee the License without violating any
    rights of any third party, and there is currently no actual or
    threatened suit by any such third party based on an alleged
    violation of such right by Licensor;

B.  **Business Requirements:** Licensor is fully aware of Licensee\'s
    business requirements and intended uses for the Software, including
    any set forth in Schedule B, and the Software shall satisfy such
    requirements in all material respects, is fit for such intended uses
    and will operate on the Hardware;

C.  **Warranty Period**: For a period of \[NUMBER\] year from the date
    of Licensee\'s acceptance of the Program, as specified above (the
    \"Warranty Period\") and for the term of any Software Maintenance
    Contract, the Program shall (i) be free from defects in material and
    workmanship under normal use and remain in good working order,
    and (ii) function properly and in conformity with the warranties
    herein and in accordance with this Agreement and with the
    description, specifications and Documentation set forth in Schedule
    B and on the Hardware and system software and other software set
    forth in Schedules C and E including updates or new releases to such
    Hardware, system software and other software, and interface with
    other programs as required by Schedule B, and the Documentation
    shall completely and accurately reflect the operation of the
    Program;

D.  **Response Time**: During the Warranty Period, and for the term of
    any Software Maintenance Contract, with respect to each on-line
    transaction, the Program, in conjunction with the Hardware, shall
    receive, process and respond in the time frame set forth in Schedule
    H annexed hereto, measured from the time the transaction is
    completely keyed into a terminal until the appropriate Program
    response appears on the terminal;

E.  **Capacity**: During the Warranty Period and for the term of any
    Software Maintenance Contract, the Program, in conjunction with the
    Hardware, can maintain, use, update, and otherwise process the
    number of transactions as set forth in Schedule H, without adversely
    affecting its response time or other performance;

F.  **Reliability**: During the Warranty Period and for the term of any
    Software Maintenance Contract, the Program, in conjunction with the
    Hardware can maintain the uptime or reliability standards set forth
    in Schedule H;

G.  **Remedies for Breach of Software Warranties:** In the event that
    the Program does not meet the above warranties, Licensor shall
    provide at no charge during the Warranty Period or the term of any
    Software Maintenance Contract, the necessary software and services
    required to attain the levels or standards set forth in said
    warranties;

H.  **Service and Maintenance**: Licensor warrants that each of its
    employees or subcontractors assigned to perform any work hereunder,
    and under any Software Maintenance Contract, shall have the proper
    skill, training and background so as to be able to perform in a
    competent and professional manner and that all work will be so
    performed;

I.  **Service Warranty**: For the Warranty Period and the term of any
    Software Maintenance Contract, Licensor warrants that it shall
    maintain the Software in good working order, keep it free from
    defects in material and workmanship, and remedy any failure of the
    Software to perform in accordance with this Agreement, including the
    warranties set forth herein, the Schedules, or which impairs
    Licensee\'s use thereof, or any other malfunction, defect or
    non-conformity in the Software, which shall be provided as follows:
    Licensor agrees to respond to any request for service due to a
    failure, malfunction, defect or non conformity by telephone response
    by a qualified and knowledgeable representative within \[NUMBER\]
    hours of receipt of such request and such representative shall
    render continuous effort, via telecommunications, to remedy the
    failure, malfunction, defect or non-conformity. If such failure,
    malfunction, defect or non-conformity cannot be remedied by such
    means within \[NUMBER\] hours of receipt of such request, Licensor
    shall immediately send at least one qualified and knowledgeable
    representative to Licensee\'s Site and said representative(s) will
    furnish continuous effort to remedy the failure, malfunction, defect
    or non-conformity.

    1.  **Software Maintenance**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  During the Warranty Period and for the term of any Software
    Maintenance Contract, Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee of any
    defects or malfunctions in the Program or Documentation which it
    learns from any source. Licensor shall promptly correct any material
    defects or malfunctions in the Program or Documentation discovered
    during such Warranty Period and the term of any Software Maintenance
    Contract and provide Licensee with corrected copies of same, without
    additional charge. Licensor\'s obligation hereunder will not be
    deemed to affect any other liability which it may have to Licensee.

B.  Licensor shall provide to Licensee, without additional charge,
    copies of the Program and Documentation revised to reflect any
    enhancements to the Software made by Licensor during the Warranty
    Period and the term of any Software Maintenance Contract. Such
    enhancements will be deemed to include all modifications to the
    Software which increase the speed, efficiency or ease of operation
    of the Software, or add additional capabilities to or otherwise
    improve the functions of the Software.

    1.  **Additional Support**

During the Warranty Period and for the term of any Software Maintenance
Contract, Licensor shall provide to Licensee, without additional charge,
all reasonably necessary telephone or written

consultation requested by Licensee in connection with its use and
operation of the Software or any problems therewith. Telephone
consultation shall be requested and provided only during Licensor\'s

normal business hours and Licensee shall pay all long distance telephone
charges.

1.  **Software Maintenance Contract and Renewal Option**

After expiration of the Warranty Period, if Licensee elects, Licensor
shall provide maintenance, additional support and enhancements in
connection with the Software, pursuant to the terms of the

Software Maintenance Contract set forth in Schedule I annexed hereto.
The initial one-year maintenance fee is as set forth in Schedule A.
Licensor grants to Licensee the option to renew for \[NUMBER\] year
terms after the initial one-year term, for a fee to be negotiated
annually by Licensee and Licensor, but in no event exceeding the fee
charged for the preceding year by more than \[%\]. As part of the
Software Maintenance Contract, Licensor shall make available to Licensee
updates and enhancements to the Software which Licensor has installed at
its other customers\' locations. For each update or enhancement,
Licensor warrants and represents that the installation of such update or
enhancement shall not give rise to any additional costs and the
installation of the update or enhancement shall not adversely affect the
Software performance as warranted herein. Licensee shall have the right
to refuse to utilize any such update or enhancement, and such refusal
shall not relieve Licensor of its obligations for support, warranty and
maintenance of the Software. Any additional services during the Warranty
Period or the term of any Software Maintenance Contract shall be
provided upon Licensee\'s request at Licensor\'s standard time and
materials rates.

1.  **Licensee Modifications**

Licensee will have the right, in its own discretion, to independently
modify the Software for its own use, through the services of its own
employees or of independent contractors, provided that same agree not to
disclose any part of the Software or otherwise violate Licensor\'s
proprietary rights. Such modifications, if approved by Licensor, shall
not affect Licensor\'s warranty or maintenance obligations hereunder.
Licensee shall be deemed to be the owner of any such modifications which
shall be deemed confidential information of Licensee, provided that
Licensee will not be deemed to have obtained any right thereby to
distribute the Program. Licensor shall not incorporate any such
modifications into its software for distribution to third parties unless
it first agrees to pay Licensee a reasonable royalty, pursuant to such
reasonable terms as the parties may agree upon.

1.  **Indemnity**

Licensor, at its own expense, shall indemnify and hold harmless
Licensee, its subsidiaries, affiliates or assignees, and their
directors, officers, employees and agents and defend any action brought
against same with respect to any claim, demand, cause of action, debt or
liability, including attorneys\' fees, to the extent that it is based
upon a claim that the Software used hereunder infringes or violates any
patents, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, or other property rights
of any third party. Licensee may, at its own expense, assist in such
defense if it so chooses, provided that, as long as Licensor can
demonstrate sufficient financial resources, Licensor shall control such
defense and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such
claim. Licensee shall promptly provide Licensor with written notice of
any claim which Licensee believes falls within the scope of this
paragraph. In the event that the Software or any portion thereof is held
to constitute an infringement and its use is enjoined, Licensor shall
have the obligation to, at its expense, (i) modify the infringing
Software without impairing in any material respect the functionality or
performance, so that it is non-infringing, (ii) procure for Licensee the
right to continue to use the infringing Software, or (iii) replace said
Software with equally suitable, non-infringing software. If none of the
foregoing alternatives are available to Licensor, Licensee shall receive
a repayment of all monies paid to Licensor, and Licensor shall accept
return of the Software at its expense, once Licensee has arranged for
the continuation of the functions performed thereby. Licensor agrees to
indemnify Licensee for any liability or expense due to claims for
personal injury or property damage (i) arising out o the furnishing or
performance of the Software or the services provided hereunder or (ii)
arising out of the fault or negligence of Licensor.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

    1.  **Confidentiality**

Each party agrees that it shall not disclose to any third party any
information concerning the customers, trade secrets, methods, processes
or procedures or any other confidential business information of the
other party which it learns during the course of its performance of this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of such other party. This
obligation will survive the cancellation or other termination of this
Agreement.

1.  **Publicity**

Licensor shall not refer to the existence of this Agreement in any press
release, advertising or materials distributed to prospective customers,
without the prior written consent of Licensee. This obligation will
survive the cancellation or other termination of this Agreement.

1.  **Licensor\'s Proprietary Notices**

Licensee agrees that any copies of the Program or Documentation which it
makes pursuant to this Agreement shall bear all copyright, trademark and
other proprietary notices included therein by Licensor and, except as
expressly authorized herein, Licensee shall not disclose or distribute
same to any third party without Licensor\'s prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the
preceding sentence, Licensee may add its own copyright or other
proprietary notice to any copy of the Program or Documentation which
contains modifications to which Licensee has ownership rights pursuant
to this Agreement.

1.  **MOST FAVORED CUSTOMER**

Licensor agrees to treat Licensee as its most favored customer. Licensor
represents that all of the prices, warranties, benefits and other terms
being provided hereunder are equivalent to or better than the terms

being offered by Licensor to its current customers. If Licensor enters
into an agreement with any other customer providing such customer with
more favorable terms, then this Agreement will be deemed

appropriately amended to provide such terms to Licensee. Licensor shall
promptly provide Licensee with any refund or credits thereby created.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

Licensee may assign this agreement to any subsidiary or affiliate or
entity owned or controlled by Licensee without regard to the
jurisdiction of incorporation of said subsidiary, affiliate or entity,
or as part of the sale of that part of its business which includes the
Hardware or any substantial portion of its data processing facilities,
or pursuant to any merger, consolidation or other reorganization,
without Licensor\'s consent, upon notice to Licensor. Licensor shall not
assign this Agreement without Licensee\'s prior written consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld. An assignee of either party, if
authorized hereunder, shall be deemed to have all of the rights and
obligations of the assigning party set forth in this Agreement. It is
understood that no assignment shall release the assigning party from any
of its obligations hereunder.

1.  **NOTICES**

All notices required or permitted to be given by one party to the other
under this Agreement will be sufficient if sent by certified mail,
return receipt requested, to the parties at the respective addresses
first set forth above or to such other address as the party to receive
the notice has designated by notice to the other party pursuant to this
paragraph.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **CONSENT TO JURISDICTION, VENUE AND SERVICE**

Licensor consents and agrees that all legal proceedings relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement shall be maintained in courts sitting
within the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\], and Licensor consents and agrees
that jurisdiction and venue for such proceedings shall lie exclusively
with such courts.

1.  **SEVERABILITY**

If any provision of this Agreement or any Schedule attached hereto is
held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this Agreement and the Schedules will not

be impaired thereby.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

The failure by any party to exercise any right or remedy provided for
herein will not be deemed a waiver of any right or remedy hereunder.

1.  **COMPLETE AGREEMENT**

The terms and conditions of the Schedules attached hereto, including any
additional terms and conditions set forth in Schedule J annexed hereto,
are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference

and shall constitute part of this Agreement as if fully set forth
herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement
and any Schedule, the terms of the Schedule shall control. This
Agreement,

including the Schedules attached hereto, sets forth the entire
understanding of the parties as to the Software described in Schedule A
and may not be modified except in a writing executed by both parties.

1.  **REMEDIES**

The rights and remedies of Licensee set forth in this Agreement are not
exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies available
to it in law or in equity.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**[FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE B]{.underline}**

**[SOFTWARE DESCRIPTION]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE C]{.underline}**

**[HARDWARE AND OPERATING SYSTEM]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE D]{.underline}**

**[MODIFICATIONS TO SOFTWARE]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE E]{.underline}**

**[THE SITE]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE F]{.underline}**

**[TESTING PROCEDURES]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE G]{.underline}**

**[TRAINING TO EMPLOYEES]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE H]{.underline}**

**[DEVELOPMENT TIMEFRAME]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE I]{.underline}**

**[SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE CONTRACT]{.underline}**
