**LICENSOR ORIENTED SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Licensor Oriented Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is
made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

WHEREAS, Licensor has developed certain computer programs and related
documentation more particularly described in Schedule A attached hereto
(the \"Products\") and desires to grant Licensee a license to use the
Software.

WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to use the Software under the conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth
herein, Licensee and Licensor hereby agree as follows:

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
respective meanings indicated, such meanings to be applicable to both
the singular and plural forms of the terms defined:

**\"Acceptance\"** of Software means completion of the acceptance
testing process set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.

**\"Agreement\"** includes this agreement and its Schedules and Riders.

**\"Delivery Date\"** is the date on which Licensor ships the Software
to Licensee.

**\"Designated Environment\"** means the computer equipment and software
operating system described on Schedule C.

**\"Documentation\" **means the user, system and installation
documentation for the Software.

**\"Error\"** means a material failure of the Software to function in
conformity with the Specifications.

**\"License\"** means the license granted by Licensor to Licensee to use
the Software and Documentation in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

**\"Licensed Copies\"** means the number of copies of the Software and
Documentation being licensed to the Licensee.

**\"Location(s)\"** means Licensee\'s offices at the location(s)
specified in Schedule D.

**\"Maintenance Agreement\"** means the Software Maintenance Agreement
between the parties effective as of the date of this Agreement.

**\"Price\"** means the License Fees Licensee shall pay as specified in
Schedule B.

**\"Rider\"** refers to any riders attached to this Agreement, or any
subsequently prepared document which the parties agree in writing to be
considered a Rider.

**\"Schedule\"** refers to any schedule attached to this Agreement, or
any subsequently prepared document which the parties agree in writing to
be considered a Schedule.

**\"Software\"** means the computer programs specified in Schedule A in
machine-readable, object code form, and any computer programs delivered
to Licensee in machine-readable, object code form as

Maintenance Releases and Product Releases (as these terms are defined in
the Maintenance Agreement).

**\"Specifications\"** means Licensor\'s current published Product
Release Definitions.

**\"Target Date\"** means the date set forth by which parties anticipate
delivery of the Software.

**\"Warranty Period\"** means \[NUMBER\] days from the date of
Acceptance.

1.  **SOFTWARE LICENSE**

**2.1 License**

Licensor grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to
(1) use the Software and Documentation solely for its internal
operations at the Location(s) and on the Designated Environment, and (2)
copy the Software and Documentation for archival or backup purposes
only, provided that all titles, trademarks, and copyright, proprietary
and restricted rights notices shall be reproduced in all such copies,
and that all copies shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.

**2.2 Distribution**

Except as explicitly provided herein, Licensee shall not: (1) make
available nor distribute all or part of the Software or Documentation to
any third party by assignment, sublicense or by any other means; (2)
copy, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or modify, in
whole or in part, any of the Software or Documentation; or (3) use the
Software to operate in or as a time-sharing, outsourcing, or service
bureau environment, or in any way allow third party access to the
Software.

1.  **INSTALLATION AND ACCEPTANCE**

Licensor shall use reasonable efforts to deliver the Licensed Copies of
the Software and Documentation to the Location(s) on or about the Target
Date. Licensee shall have \[NUMBER\] days from the Delivery Date to
perform acceptance testing. Licensee\'s Acceptance of the Software shall
occur at the earlier of Licensee\'s operational use of the Software, or
the expiration of \[NUMBER\] days from the Delivery Date without the
provision of notice by Licensee to Licensor of any Error(s). If Licensee
provides notice to Licensor of any Error(s) and Licensor verifies the
alleged Error(s), the Software shall be accepted upon Licensor\'s
correction of such Error(s).

1.  **PRICE AND PAYMENT**

**4.1 Price**

Licensee shall pay the Price in accordance with the payment plan set
forth in Schedule B. Licensor shall invoice any additional costs
reasonably incurred by Licensor in the delivery of the Software as they
are incurred. Payment shall be made by Licensee to Licensor in full
without any right of set-off or deduction, and Licensee shall pay the
Price and such costs within \[NUMBER\] days from the date of invoice.

**4.2 Tax**

Licensee shall be responsible for any applicable sales or use taxes or
any value added or similar taxes payable with respect to the licensing
of the Software, or arising out of or in connection with this

Agreement, other than taxes levied or imposed based upon Licensor\'s
income. In the event that Licensor pays any such taxes on behalf of
Licensee, Licensor shall invoice Licensee for such taxes and Licensee
agrees to pay such taxes in accordance with this Agreement.

**4.3 Interest**

Failure by Licensee to pay any amounts invoiced under this Agreement in
full in accordance with this Agreement shall make Licensee liable to pay
Licensor interest at the rate of \[%\] per month on the remaining amount
due, or at the highest amount permitted by applicable law such interest
to accrue on a daily basis after as well as before any judgment relating
to collection of the amount due.

1.  **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the copyright, patent, trade
secret, and all other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in
the Software, Documentation and Specifications are and shall

remain the property of Licensor, and nothing in this Agreement should be
construed as transferring any aspects of such rights to Licensee or any
third party.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

**6.1 Confidential Information**

\"Confidential Information\", shall mean the Software, Documentation,
Specifications, and terms and conditions of this Agreement. Licensee
acknowledges the confidential and proprietary nature of the

Confidential Information and agrees that it shall not reveal or disclose
any Confidential Information for any purpose to any other person, firm,
corporation or other entity, other than Licensee\'s employees with a
need to know such Confidential Information to perform employment
responsibilities consistent with Licensee\'s rights under this
Agreement. Licensee shall safeguard and protect the Confidential
Information from theft, piracy or unauthorized access in a manner at
least consistent with the protections Licensee uses to protect its own
most confidential information. Licensee shall inform its employees of
their obligations under this Agreement, and shall take such steps as may
be reasonable in the circumstances, or as may be reasonably requested by
Licensor, to prevent any unauthorized disclosure, copying or use of the
Confidential Information. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that in the
event of the Licensee\'s breach of this Agreement, Licensor will suffer
irreparable injuries not compensated by money damages and therefore
shall not have an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, Licensor shall be
entitled to a preliminary and final injunction without the necessity of
posting any bond or undertaking in connection therewith to prevent any
further breach of these confidentiality obligations or further
unauthorized use of Confidential Information. This remedy is separate
and apart from any other remedy Licensor may have.

**6.2 Unauthorized Disclosure**

Licensee shall notify Licensor immediately upon discovery of any
prohibited use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, or any
other breach of these confidentiality obligations by Licensee, and shall

fully cooperate with Licensor to help Licensor regain possession of the
Confidential Information and prevent the further prohibited use or
disclosure of the Confidential Information.

1.  **WARRANTY**

**7.1 Operation**

Licensor represents to Licensee that: (1) during the Warranty Period,
the Software shall operate without any Errors; and (2) upon notification
to Licensor during the Warranty Period of any Errors, Licensor will,
during its normal business hours and at no cost to Licensee, use
reasonable efforts to correct such Errors which are reproducible and
verifiable by Licensor, excluding any Errors caused by uses of the
Software which were not in accordance with the Specifications.

**7.2 Connection**

In the event that Licensee notifies Licensor of an Error during the
Warranty Period, Licensor\'s sole liability, and Licensee\'s sole
remedy, will be Licensor\'s use of reasonable efforts to correct such
Errors or, in Licensor\'s sole discretion, to refund the portion of the
prepaid Price applicable to the portion of the Software which is
defective.

**7.3 Warranty Disclaimer**

THE WARRANTY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 7 IS A LIMITED WARRANTY AND IT IS
THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE BY LICENSOR. LICENSOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, AND
LICENSEE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL
MEET LICENSEE\'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
CORRECTED. LICENSOR\'S LIMITED WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL LIABILITIES OR
OBLIGATIONS OF LICENSOR FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE INSTALLATION, \[COUNTRY\]E OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. THE
PARTIES AGREE THAT THE SOFTWARE\'S FAILURE TO PERFORM IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE SPECIFICATIONS SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED A FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF THE REMEDIES CONTAINED HEREIN. EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE LIMITED
WARRANTY, THE ENTIRE RISK OF THE SOFTWARE\'S QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE IS
WITH LICENSEE.

1.  **INDEMNITY**

**8.1 Indemnification**

Licensor hereby indemnifies Licensee against any claim that the
Software, furnished and used within the scope of this Agreement,
infringes any \[COUNTRY\] registered copyright or patent, provided that:
(1) Licensor is given prompt notice of the claim; (2) Licensor is given
immediate and complete control over the defense and/or settlement of the
claim, and Licensee fully cooperates with Licensor in such defense
and/or settlement; (3) Licensee does not prejudice in any manner
Licensor\'s conduct of such claim; and (4) the alleged infringement is
not based upon the use of the Software in a manner prohibited under this
Agreement, in a manner for which the Software was not designed, or in a
manner not in accordance with the Specifications.

**8.2 Altered Version**

Licensor shall have no liability for any claim of infringement based on
(a) the use of a superseded or altered version of the Software if
infringement would have been avoided by the use of a current or
unaltered version of the Software which Licensor made available to
Licensee; or (b) the combination, operation or use of the Software with
software, hardware or other materials not furnished by Licensor.

**8.3 Injunction**

If a final injunction is obtained against the use of any part of the
Software by reason of infringement of \[COUNTRY\] registered copyright
or patent, Licensor will, at its option and expense, either (1) procure
for Licensee the right to continue to use the Software; (2) modify the
Software so that it becomes non-infringing; or (3) repurchase the
Software and Documentation less depreciation at the rate of \[%\] per
year, or pro rata for part of the year, from the date of Acceptance to
the date of removal of the Software. If Licensor selects this third
option, Licensee shall, immediately upon receipt from Licensor of the
payment set forth above, at Licensor\'s option destroy or return all
copies of the Software and Documentation in its possession or under its
control.

**8.4 Liability**

The foregoing states Licensor\'s entire obligation and liability with
respect to the infringement of any property right.

**8.5 Infringement**

Licensee hereby indemnifies Licensor against any claim for (1) alleged
infringement of any \[COUNTRY\] registered copyright or patent, arising
out of the use of the Software by Licensee in any manner prohibited by
this Agreement and (2) any claim related to or arising out of a
financial transaction brought by any third party based on the use of the
Software.

1.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

**9.1 Limitation**

LICENSOR SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL

OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY EVENT, THE LIABILITY OF LICENSOR TO LICENSEE FOR
ANY REASON AND UPON ANY CA\[COUNTRY\]E OF ACTION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE
LESSER OF THE AMOUNT PAID TO LICENSOR BY LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
OR \[AMOUNT\].

THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CA\[COUNTRY\]ES OF ACTION IN THE
AGGREGATE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF
WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATIONS, AND OTHER
TORTS. BOTH PARTIES UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE REMEDIES AND
LIMITATIONS HEREIN ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF PRODUCT AND SERVICE
NONCONFORMITY BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS AUTHORIZED BY APPLICABLE LAWS. THE
FEES HEREIN REFLECT, AND ARE SET IN RELIANCE UPON, THIS ALLOCATION OF
RISK AND THE EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT.

**9.2 Force Majeure**

Neither party shall be under any liability for any loss or for any
failure to perform any obligation hereunder due to causes beyond its
control including without limitation industrial disputes of whatever
nature, power loss, telecommunications failure, acts of God, or any
other cause beyond its reasonable control.

1.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

**10.1 Termination**

The License granted herein shall remain in effect perpetually unless
terminated as provided for in Sections 10.2 or 10.3 herein.

**10.2 Breach**

Licensor may terminate this Agreement and the License, without prejudice
to any other remedy Licensor may have, immediately without further
obligation to Licensee, in the event of (1) any breach by Licensee of
Sections 2, 5 or 6 of this Agreement which cannot be remedied within
thirty twenty-four (24) hours of Licensor\'s notice to Licensee of the
breach and Licensor\'s intent to terminate the License; (2) any material
breach of Sections other than those set forth above which cannot be
remedied within \[NUMBER\] days of Licensor\'s notice to Licensee of the
breach and Licensor\'s intent to terminate the License; or (3)
Licensee\'s making an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, the
filing under any voluntary bankruptcy or insolvency law, under the
reorganization or arrangement provisions of the United States Bankruptcy
Code, or under the provisions of any law of like import in connection
with Licensee, or the appointment of a trustee or receiver for Licensee
or its property.

**10.3 Remedy**

Licensee may terminate the License, without prejudice to any other
remedy Licensee may have, in the event of any material breach of this
Agreement which is not remedied within \[NUMBER\] days of

Licensee\'s notice to Licensor of the breach and Licensee\'s intent to
terminate the License. Termination shall not relieve Licensee\'s
obligation to pay all amounts which are due and payable or which
Licensee has agreed to pay.

**10.4 Cessation of Use**

Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall cease using the
Software and Documentation and promptly return all copies of the
Software, Documentation and all other Confidential Information in its
possession or control. Licensee shall delete all copies of such
materials residing in on or off-line computer memory, and destroy all
copies of such materials which also incorporate Licensee\'s Confidential
Information. Licensor shall be entitled to enter the Location(s) to
repossess and remove the Software, Documentation, and any other
Confidential Information. Licensee shall, within \[NUMBER\] days from
the effective date of the termination, certify in writing by an officer
or director of the party that all copies of the Software and
Documentation have been returned, deleted and destroyed.

1.  **HEADINGS**

The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not
intended to be used as an aid to interpretation.

1.  **VALIDITY**

If any part of this Agreement is held to be illegal or unenforceable,
the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement shall
not be affected.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns. Licensee may
not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without

the prior written consent of Licensor.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement does not signify acceptance of the event giving rise to such
right or remedy.

1.  **SOLICITATION**

Licensee shall not solicit the employment of nor employ any Licensor
personnel who has been directly involved in the development, sale,
installation, or support of the Software for a period of \[NUMBER\]
years from the later of the termination of such individual\'s employment
at Licensor or the last date of Acceptance of any Software.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be deemed to have been executed in the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] and will be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. The parties hereby
consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] for the purpose of any action or proceeding brought
by either of them in connection with this Agreement.

1.  **NOTICE**

Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, any notice required or
permitted to be given or delivered under this Agreement shall be
delivered to the address set forth in this Agreement. Notice shall be
deemed to have been received by any party, and shall be effective, (i)
on the day given, if personally delivered or if sent by confirmed
facsimile transmission, receipt verified or (ii) on the third day after
which such notice is deposited, if mailed by certified, first class,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested mail.

1.  **ATTORNEYS\' FEES**

Licensee shall be responsible for Licensor\'s reasonable attorneys\'
fees associated with the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement or
the collection of any amounts due under this Agreement.

1.  **SURVIVAL**

Sections 5, 6, 8, 9 and 11 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement for any reason.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement and its Riders and Schedules comprise the entire
agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof and
supercedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings and all other
agreements, oral and written between the parties relating to the
Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
