**[LIMITED WARRANTY]{.underline}**

[This Limited Warranty (the "Warranty") is made and effective
\[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[CUSTOMER
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Customer\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[SOFTWARE
]{.underline}[COMPANY]{.underline}[ NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the
\"Company\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[WHEREAS, Company has developed certain computer programs and related
documentation and desires to grant Customer the right to use the
Software. ]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, Customer wishes to use the Software under the conditions of
this Limited Warranty.]{.underline}

[NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth, the
parties agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[LIMITED WARRANTY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company warrants that (a) its \[NAME OF PRODUCT\] software (the
"Software") will perform substantially in accordance with the
accompanying written materials for a period of \[NUMBER\] days from the
date of receipt and (b) that the medium on which the Software is
contained will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under
normal use and service for a period of \[NUMBER\] year. In the event
applicable law imposes any implied warranties, the implied warranty
period is limited to \[NUMBER\] days from the date of receipt. Some
jurisdictions do not allow such limitations on duration of an implied
warranty, so the above limitation may not apply to
Customer.]{.underline}

1.  **[CUSTOMER REMEDIES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company's and its suppliers' entire liability and Customer's
exclusive remedy shall be, at the Company's option, either (a) return of
the price paid for the Software, or (b) repair or replacement of the
Software that does not meet this Limited Warranty and which is returned
to the Company with a copy of Customer's receipt. This Limited Warranty
is void if failure of the Software has resulted from accident, abuse, or
misapplication. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the
remainder of the original warranty period or thirty \[NUMBER\] days,
whichever is longer.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO OTHER WARRANTIES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY AND ITS
SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE AND ANY
RELATED WRITTEN MATERIALS. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES CUSTOMER SPECIFIC
LEGAL RIGHTS. CUSTOMER MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS DEPENDING ON THE
JURISDICTION.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
INDIRECT DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[BUSINESS
INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THIS PRODUCT, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, THE COMPANY'S AND ITS
SUPPLIERS' ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL
BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE. BECAUSE
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms
hereof.]{.underline}

CUSTOMER COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
