**MULTIMEDIA PUBLICITY/PRIVACY RELEASE**

This Multimedia Publicity/Privacy Release (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[RELEASOR NAME\]** (the \"Releasor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[SOFTWARE DEVELOPER NAME\]** (the \"Developer\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**RECITALS**

In consideration of \[NAME OF DEVELOPER\]\'s (\"Developer\") agreement
to incorporate some or all of the Materials identified below (the
\"Materials\") in one or more of its multimedia works (the \"Works\"),
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, Releasor hereby grants Developer
permission to use, adapt, modify, reproduce, distribute, publicly
perform and display, in any form now known or later developed, the
Materials specified in this release throughout the \[TERRITORIES\], by
incorporating them into one or more Works and/or advertising and
promotional materials relating thereto.

1.  **MATERIALS TO BE RELEASED**

This release is for the following Materials:

\[NAME\]

\[VOICE\]

\[VISUAL LIKENESS (ON PHOTOGRAPHS, VIDEO, FILM, ETC.)\]

\[PHOTOGRAPHS, GRAPHICS OR OTHER ARTWORK AS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE A\]

\[FILM, VIDEOTAPE OR OTHER AUDIOVISUAL MATERIALS AS SPECIFIED IN
SCHEDULE A\]

\[MUSIC OR SOUND RECORDINGS AS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE A\]

\[OTHER, AS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE A\]

1.  **WARRANTIES**

Releasor warrants and represents that the Materials identified above are
either owned by and/or are original to the Releasor and/or that Releasor
has full authority from the owner of the Materials to grant this
release.

Releasor releases Developer, its agents, employees, licensees and
assigns from any and all claims Releasor may have now or in the future
for invasion of privacy, right of publicity, copyright infringement,
defamation or any other cause of action arising out of the use,
reproduction, adaptation, distribution, broadcast, performance or
display of the Works.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

Releasor waive any right to inspect or approve any Works that may be
created containing the Materials.

1.  **ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

Releasor understands and agrees that Developer is and shall be the
exclusive owner of all right, title and interest, including copyright,
in the Works, and any advertising or promotional materials containing
the Materials, except as to preexisting rights in any of the Materials
released hereunder.

Releasor has read this release and is fully familiar with its contents.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

RELEASOR DEVELOPER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**[THE MATERIALS]{.underline}**
