**NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT **

**FOR PROSPECTIVE LICENSEEE**

This Nondisclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[CUSTOMER NAME\]** (the \"Customer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **PURPOSE OF AGREEMENT**

This Agreement is entered into for the purpose of authorizing Customer
to receive from Company and evaluate certain proprietary computer
software and documentation known as \[NAME OR DESCRIBE SOFTWARE\],
hereafter referred to as \"the Software.\"

1.  **NONEXCLUSIVE LICENSE**

Company hereby grants Customer a nonexclusive license to install the
Software on its computer system and use the Software for a period of
\[NUMBER OF DAYS TO EVALUATE\] days from the date of delivery only for
the purpose of evaluating the performance of the Software and not for a
productive purpose. Customer shall acquire no other intellectual
property rights under this Agreement.

1.  **SOFTWARE A TRADE SECRET **

Customer acknowledges that the Software is proprietary to, and a
valuable trade secret of, the Company and is entrusted to Customer only
for the purposes set forth in this Agreement.

1.  **NONDISCLOSURE **

In consideration of the Company\'s disclosure of the Software to
Customer, Customer shall treat the Software with the same degree of care
and safeguards that it takes with Customer\'s own trade secrets, but in
no event less than a reasonable degree of care. Customer agrees that it
will not, without the Company\'s prior written consent:

Customer shall limit use of the Software to those employees, agents and
consultants of Customer who are performing the evaluation for Customer.

The restrictions and obligations contained in this clause shall survive
the expiration, termination or cancellation of this Agreement, and shall
continue to bind Customer, its successors, heirs and assigns.

1.  **TERM OF AGREEMENT **

This Agreement shall last for a term of \[NUMBER OF DAYS\] days from the
date the Software is delivered to Customer, or until the Software is
returned by Customer to the Company, whichever occurs first. Further,
the Company may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice
to Customer.

1.  **RETURN OF SOFTWARE AND MATERIALS **

Customer shall promptly return the Software and all related materials to
the Company and erase all copies and portions thereof from computer
memory upon:

A.  Termination of this Agreement;

B.  The Company\'s request; or

C.  The Customer\'s decision not to purchase or license the Software.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY **

Customer understands and acknowledges that the Software is being
provided to Customer only for the purpose of evaluating the performance
of the Software and not for any productive purpose. Accordingly, the
Company shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to Customer or
any third parties caused by Customer\'s use of the Software.

THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT OR TORT
OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY
PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1.  **INJUNCTIVE RELIEF **

Customer recognizes and acknowledges that any breach or threatened
breach of this Agreement by Customer may cause the Company irreparable
harm for which monetary damages may be inadequate. Customer agrees,
therefore, that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction to
restrain Customer from such breach or threatened breach. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as preventing the Company from pursuing any
remedy at law or in equity for any breach or threatened breach of this
Agreement.

1.  **ATTORNEY FEES **

If any legal action arises relating to this Agreement, the prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover all court costs, expenses and
reasonable attorney fees.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof. Any representation,
promise, or condition not explicitly set forth in this Agreement shall
not be binding on either party.

1.  **MODIFICATIONS **

All additions or modifications to this Agreement must be made in writing
and must be signed by both parties to be effective.

1.  **APPLICABLE LAW **

This Agreement is made under, and shall be construed according to, the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

COMPANY CUSTOMER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
