**NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT FOR BETA TESTER**

This Nondisclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and effective
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[TESTER NAME\]** (the \"Tester\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

WHEREAS, Tester agrees to test a software program known as \[NAME OR
DESCRIBE SOFTWARE\] (the \"Software\") and keep the Company aware of the
test results.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth
herein, Company and Tester hereby agree as follows:

1.  **COMPANY\'S OBLIGATIONS**

The Company shall provide Tester with a copy of the Software and any
necessary documentation and instruct Tester on how to use it and the
desired test data to be gained. Upon satisfactory completion of the
testing, the Company shall furnish Tester with one free copy of the
production version of the Software, contingent upon the Company\'s
decision to proceed with production of the Software \[OR SPECIFY OTHER
FORM OF COMPENSATION\]. Tester shall be entitled to the same benefits to
which regular purchasers of the Software will be entitled.

1.  **TESTER\'S OBLIGATIONS **

Tester shall test the Software under normally expected operating
conditions in Tester\'s environment during the test period. Tester shall
gather and report test data as mutually agreed upon with the Company.
Tester shall allow the Company access to the Software during normal
working hours for inspection, modifications and maintenance.

1.  **SOFTWARE A TRADE SECRET**

Tester acknowledges that the Software is proprietary to, and a valuable
trade secret of, the Company and is entrusted to Tester only for the
purpose set forth in this Agreement. Tester shall treat the Software in
the strictest confidence. Tester agrees that it will not, without the
Company\'s prior written consent:

1.  **SECURITY PRECAUTIONS **

Tester shall take reasonable security precautions to prevent the
Software from being seen by unauthorized individuals. This includes
locking all copies of the Software and associated documentation in a
desk or file cabinet when not in use.

1.  **TERM OF AGREEMENT **

The test period shall last from \[TESTING STARTING DATE\], until
\[TESTING ENDING DATE\]. This Agreement shall terminate at the end of
the test period or when the Company asks Tester to return the Software,
whichever occurs first. The restrictions and obligations contained in
Articles 3, 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive the expiration, termination or
cancellation of this Agreement, and shall continue to bind Tester, its
successors, heirs and assigns.

1.  **RETURN OF SOFTWARE AND MATERIALS **

Upon the conclusion of the testing period or at the Company\'s request,
Tester shall promptly (within \[NUMBER\] days) return the original and
all copies of the Software and all related materials to the Company and
erase all portions thereof from computer memory.

1.  **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY **

Tester understands and acknowledges that the Software is a test product
and its accuracy and reliability are not guaranteed. Owing to its
experimental nature, Tester is advised not to rely exclusively on the
Software for any reason. Tester waives any and all claims it may have
against the Company arising out of the performance or nonperformance of
the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS, AND THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
WITH RESPECT TO IT, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

1.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY **

The Company shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to Tester or
any third parties caused by the Software or by the Company\'s
performance of this Agreement.

THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSQUENTIAL DAMAGE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT OR TORT OR
ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY
PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1.  **NO RIGHTS GRANTED **

Tester understands and acknowledges that the Software is provided for
its own use for testing purposes only. This Agreement does not
constitute a grant or an intention or commitment to grant any right,
title or interest in the Software or the Company\'s trade secrets to
Tester. Tester may not sell or transfer any portion of the Software to
any third party or use the Software in any manner to produce, market or
support its own products. Tester shall clearly identify the Software as
the Company\'s property.

1.  **NO ASSIGNMENTS **

This Agreement is personal to Tester. Tester shall not assign or
otherwise transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT **

This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof. Any representation,
promise or condition not explicitly set forth in this Agreement shall
not be binding on either party. All additions or modifications to this
Agreement must be made in writing and must be signed by both parties to
be effective.

1.  **APPLICABLE LAW **

This Agreement is made under, and shall be construed according to, the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

COMPANY TESTER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
