**TRIAL SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Trial Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and
effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee \"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **PURPOSE/LICENSE/TERM**

This Trial License Agreement is entered into for the sole purpose of
allowing Licensee to evaluate Licensor's software product (the
\"Licensor Software\") and accompanying Documentation (collectively, the
\"Trial System\"). Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, revocable license to use the Trial System, including
any modified or enhanced versions thereof provided to Licensee by
Licensor, at no cost, for a \[NUMBER\]-day trial period beginning on
\[DATE\] and ending on \[DATE\] (the \"Trial Period\").

1.  **RETURN OF TRIAL SYSTEM**

Within \[NUMBER\] business days of the end of the Trial Period Licensee
shall return to Licensor all Licensor Software and Documentation
included in the Trial System (or, at Licensor \'s sole discretion,
destroy all such Software and Documentation and certify in writing to
Licensor that said Licensor Software and Documentation have been
destroyed).

1.  **LIMITED WARRANTY**

Licensor warrants that it has the right to grant temporary use by
Licensee of the Trial System. Licensor makes no other warranties,
expreee or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

Licensor's aggregate liability for damages arising out of or in
connection with this Trial License Agreement, the performance of the
trial system, or Licensor's performance of services, shall not exceed
\[AMOUNT\]. Without regard to whether a claim is based on contract or
tort, including negligence in no event shall Licensor or its suppliers
be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential
damages, including, without limitation, damages resulting from loss of
profits, data or business arising out of or in connection with this
Trial License Agreement, even if Licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

1.  **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

Licensee acknowledges that Licensor retains all right, title, and
interest in the Trial System and in all copies thereof, and no title to
the Trial System, or any intellectual property or other rights therein,
are transferred to Licensee by virtue of this Trial License Agreement
other than as specified herein.

Licensee shall not without the express prior written consent of Licensor
duplicate, copy or reproduce the Trial System except for use on a single
computer. In the event Licensor authorizes Licensee to make copies of
the Trial System, Licensee shall reproduce Licensor \'s copyright and
other proprietary rights notices or legends on all copies thereof.
Licensee agrees not to cause or permit the reverse engineering, reverse
assembly or reverse compilation of the Licensor Software, or otherwise
attempt to derive source code from the Licensor Software.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

**5.1 Licensee Confidential Information**

Licensee acknowledges that the Trial System is unpublished and contains
proprietary and confidential information of Licensor , which Licensor
considers to constitute valuable trade secrets. In addition, Licensee
may also be provided with or be exposed to confidential information of
third parties with which Licensor conducts business. The confidential
information of Licensor and third parties is called collectively
\"Confidential Information.\" In recognition of the foregoing, Licensee
covenants and agrees:

a.  That Licensee will keep and maintain all Confidential Information in
    strict confidence, using such degree of care as is appropriate to
    avoid unauthorized use or disclosure;

b.  That Licensee will not, directly or indirectly, disclose any
    Confidential Information to any third party, except with Licensor
    \'s prior written consent;

c.  That Licensee will not make use of any Confidential Information for
    its own purposes, such as creation of a competitive product; or for
    the benefit of anyone or any other entity other than Licensor;

d.  That (i) on termination of discussions with Licensor, or (ii) if
    Licensor is engaged to perform services for Licensee, upon
    completion of the engagement, or (iii) at any time Licensor may so
    request, Licensee will deliver promptly to Licensor or, at Licensor
    \'s option, will destroy all memoranda, notes, records, reports,
    media and other documents and materials (and all copies thereof)
    regarding or including any Confidential Information which Licensee
    may then possess or have under its control; and

e.  That Licensee will take no action with respect to the Confidential
    Information that is inconsistent with its confidential and
    proprietary nature.

Licensee shall be permitted to disclose the Confidential Information
only as follows:

**5.2 Licensor Confidential Information**

For purposes of this Trial License Agreement, Confidential Information
shall include, but not be limited to, all business information of
Licensor , including the following:

a.  All information and data related to the Software and Documentation;

b.  All information relating to Licensor \'s planned or existing
    computer systems and systems architecture, including computer
    hardware, computer software, source code, object code,
    documentation, methods of processing and operational methods;

c.  All information regarding Licensor \'s product strategies, customer
    lists, sales, profits, organizational restructuring, new business
    initiatives and financial information; and

d.  Confidential information of third parties with whom Licensor
    conducts business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential
    Information shall not include information that (i) is or becomes
    generally known to the public not as a result of a disclosure by
    Licensee, (ii) is rightfully in the possession of Licensee prior to
    disclosure by Licensor or (iii) is received by Licensee in good
    faith and without restriction from a third party not under a
    confidentiality obligation to Licensor and having the right to make
    such disclosure. Licensee acknowledges that the disclosure of
    Confidential Information may cause irreparable injury to Licensor
    and damages which may be difficult to ascertain. Licensor shall,
    therefore, be entitled to injunctive relief upon a disclosure or
    threatened disclosure of any Confidential Information, without a
    requirement that Licensor prove irreparable harm, in addition to
    such other remedies as may be available at law or in equity. Without
    limitation of the foregoing, Licensee shall advise Licensor
    immediately in the event that it learns or has reason to believe
    that any person or entity which has had access to Confidential
    Information has violated or intends to violate the terms of this
    Trial License Agreement.

In addition, Licensee shall not release the results of any evaluation or
benchmark of the Trial System to any third party without the express
prior written consent of Licensor .

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Licensor agrees to defend Licensee from and against any claim or action
based on any alleged infringement of any \[COUNTRY\] patent, copyright,
trade secret or other proprietary right as a result of the use of the
Trial System according to the terms and conditions of this Trial License
Agreement, and Licensor agrees to indemnify Licensee from any costs
and/or damages awarded against Licensee in any such infringement claim
or action or settlement thereof; provided that: (i) Licensor is promptly
notified in writing of such claim, (ii) Licensee grants Licensor sole
control of the defense and any related settlement negotiations, and
(iii) Licensee cooperates with Licensor in defense of such claim.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensor shall have no liability to
Licensee if the infringement results from:

a.  Use of the Trial System in combination with software not provided by
    Licensor

b.  Modifications to the Trial System not made by Licensor, or

c.  Use of other than a current release of the Trial System, if such
    infringement would have been avoided by use of a current Licensor
    release. The foregoing states the entire liability of Licensor with
    respect to infringement of any patents, copyrights, trade secrets or
    other proprietary rights by the Trial System or any part thereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TERMINATION**

Licensor may terminate this Trial License Agreement at any time with or
without cause by giving written notice of termination to Licensee,
effective on Licensee\'s receipt thereof. Anything to the contrary
herein notwithstanding, immediately upon such termination Licensee shall
return to Licensor the Trial System, including all related documentation
and all copies thereof.

1.  **WAIVER**

The waiver or failure of Licensor to exercise any right provided for
herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further right hereunder. The
rights and remedies of Licensor set forth in this Agreement are in
addition to any rights or remedies Licensor may otherwise have at law or
in equity. If any provision of this Trial License Agreement shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected
or impaired thereby.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

Neither party may assign its rights, duties or obligations under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION**

This Trial License Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed
by the laws of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] without regard to conflicts of laws.
Licensee and Licensor hereby agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue
for any litigation arising from or relating to this Trial License
Agreement shall be an appropriate federal or state court located in
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **SURVIVAL**

All provisions hereof relating to proprietary rights, confidentiality
and non-disclosure, indemnification and limitation of liability shall
survive the completion of the Services or any earlier termination of
this Trial License Agreement.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Trial License Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and
understanding of the parties and supersedes and merges any and all prior
proposals, understandings and agreements, oral and written, between the
parties concerning the subject matter hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
