**VENDOR ORIENTED SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Vendor Oriented Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is
made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

WHEREAS, Licensor has developed certain computer programs and related
documentation more particularly described in Schedule A attached hereto
(the \"Products\") and desires to grant Licensee a license to use the
Software.

WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to use the Software under the conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth
herein, Licensee and Licensor hereby agree as follows:

1.  **LICENSE**

In accordance with the terms herein, Licensor grants to Licensee, and
Licensee accepts from Licensor, a perpetual non-exclusive and
non-transferable license to use the current version of Licensor\'s
Software. A description of the Software System is attached as Schedule
A.

The Software shall initially be used only on equipment and at
location(s) identified in Schedule B as \"Data Processing Centers.\" Use
of the Software may be subsequently transferred to Data Processing
Centers maintained by Licensee at other locations, provided (1) the
total number of Data Processing Centers at which the Software is used by
Licensee does not exceed the number of Data Processing Centers specified
in Schedule B, and (2) Licensee provides Licensor with written notice
\[NUMBER\] days before such transfer. The Software shall be used only
for the processing of Licensee\'s own business, which shall include
servicing, and maintaining records on behalf of, its customers and
clients. Licensee shall not: (1) permit any third party to use the
Software, (2) use the Software in the operation of a service bureau, or
(3) allow access to the licensed Software through terminals located
outside Licensee\'s business premises. A license may be temporarily
transferred to back-up equipment if the particular scheduled equipment
is inoperative for more than \[NUMBER\] hours.

1.  **COPIES**

The license(s) granted herein include(s) the right to copy the Software
in non-printed, machine readable form in whole or in part as necessary
for Licensee\'s own business use. In order to protect Licensor\'s trade
secret and copyrights in the Software, Licensee agrees to reproduce and
incorporate Licensor\'s trade secret or copyright notice in any copies,
modifications or partial copies. Licensee shall maintain no more than
one copy of source code and three copies of object code for the Software
for each Data Processing Center at any time. In addition, Licensee may
maintain one source code listing for each Data Processing Center,
secured so as to protect Licensor\'s proprietary rights therein.

1.  **PRICE AND PAYMENT**

Licensee shall make payment to Licensor for the Software license
pursuant to the fees and payment terms set forth in Schedule C.

1.  **SOFTWARE OWNERSHIP**

Licensor represents that it is the owner of the Software and all
portions thereof and that it has the right to modify same and to grant
Licensee a license for its use.

1.  **INTENT TO COOPERATE**

Both Licensor and Licensee acknowledge that successful implementation of
the Software pursuant to this License Agreement shall require their full
and mutual good faith cooperation and Licensee acknowledges that it
shall timely fulfill its responsibilities, including but not limited to
those set forth below.

1.  **CONSULTING SERVICES**

Licensor shall provide Licensee with \[NUMBER\] man-days of additional
consulting services, not including software maintenance, to be used at
Licensee\'s discretion.

1.  **TITLE TO SOFTWARE SYSTEMS AND CONFIDENTIALITY**

The Software and all programs developed hereunder and all copies thereof
are proprietary to Licensor and title thereto remains in Licensor. All
applicable rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets
in the Software or any modifications made at Licensee\'s request are and
shall remain in Licensor. Licensee shall not sell, transfer, publish,
disclose, display or otherwise make available the Software or copies
thereof to others. Licensee agrees to secure and protect each module,
software product, documentation and copies thereof in a manner
consistent with the maintenance of Licensor\'s rights therein and to
take appropriate action by instruction or agreement with its employees
or consultants who are permitted access to each program or software
product to satisfy its obligations hereunder. All copies made by the
Licensee of the Software and other programs developed hereunder,
including translations, compilations, partial copies with modifications
and updated works, are the property of Licensor. Violation of any
provision of this paragraph shall be the basis for immediate termination
of this License Agreement.

1.  **ACCEPTANCE**

The Software shall be deemed to have been accepted when it passes
Licensor\'s standard test procedures on equipment approved by Licensor
pursuant to paragraph 16 below.

1.  **USE AND TRAINING**

Licensee shall limit the use of the Software to its employees who have
been appropriately trained. Licensor shall make training for the
Software available to Licensee pursuant to its standard training
procedures. Training shall be provided at a location to be determined by
Licensor.

1.  **WARRANTY**

    A.  Licensor warrants that Software will conform, as to all
        substantial operational features, to Licensor\'s current
        published specifications when installed and will be free of
        defects which substantially affect system performance.

    B.  The Licensee must notify Licensor in writing, within \[NUMBER\]
        days of delivery of the Software to the Licensee (not including
        delivery of any subsequent modifications to the Software), of
        its claim of any such defect. If the Software is found defective
        by Licensor, Licensor\'s sole obligation under this warranty is
        to remedy such defect in a manner consistent with Licensor\'s
        regular business practices.

    C.  THE ABOVE IS A LIMITED WARRANTY AND IT IS THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE
        BY LICENSOR. LICENSOR MAKES AND LICENSEE RECEIVES NO WARRANTY
        EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND THERE ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED ALL
        WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE. LICENSOR SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS
        OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY,
        OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
        POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE STATED EXPRESS WARRANTY IS IN
        LIEU OF ALL LIABILITIES OR OBLIGATIONS OF LICENSOR FOR DAMAGES
        ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE DELIVERY, USE, OR
        PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE SYSTEMS.

    D.  If any modifications are made to the Software by Licensee during
        the warranty period, this warranty shall immediately be
        terminated. Correction for difficulties or defects traceable to
        Licensee\'s errors or systems changes shall be billed at
        Licensor\'s standard time and material charges.

    E.  Licensee agrees that Licensor\'s liability arising out of
        contract, negligence, strict liability in tort or warranty shall
        not exceed any amounts payable by Licensee for the Software
        identified above.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNITY**

Licensor at its own expense will defend any action brought against
Licensee to the extent that it is based on a claim that any software
system used within the scope of this License Agreement infringes any
patents, copyrights, license or other property right, provided that
Licensor is immediately notified in writing of such claim. Licensor
shall have the right to control the defense of all such claims, lawsuits
and other proceedings. In no event shall Licensee settle any such claim,
lawsuit or proceeding without Licensor\'s prior written approval.

If, as a result of any claim of infringement against any patent,
copyright, license or other property right, Licensor is enjoined from
using the Software, or if Licensor believes that the Software is likely
to become the subject of a claim of infringement, Licensor at its option
and expense may procure the right for Licensee to continue to use the
Software, or replace or modify the Software so as to make it
non-infringing. If neither of these two options is reasonably
practicable Licensor may discontinue the license granted herein on one
month\'s written notice and refund to Licensee the unamortized portion
of the license fees hereunder (based on four years straight line
depreciation, such depreciation to commence on the date of this
Agreement). The foregoing states the entire liability of Licensor with
respect to infringement of any copyrights or patents by the Software or
any parts thereof.

1.  **TERMINATION**

Licensor shall have the right to terminate this agreement and license(s)
granted herein:

A.  Upon \[NUMBER\] days\' written notice in the event that Licensee,
    its officers or employees violates any provision of this License
    Agreement including, but not limited to, confidentiality and
    payment;

B.  In the event Licensee (i) terminates or suspends its business; (ii)
    becomes subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under
    Federal or state statute or (iii) becomes insolvent or becomes
    subject to direct control by a trustee, receiver or similar
    authority.

C.  In the event of termination by reason of the Licensee\'s failure to
    comply with any part of this agreement, or upon any act which shall
    give rise to Licensor\'s right to terminate, Licensor shall have the
    right, at any time, to terminate the license(s) and take immediate
    possession of the Software and documentation and all copies wherever
    located, without demand or notice. Within \[NUMBER\] days after
    termination of the license(s), Licensee will return to Licensor the
    Software in the form provided by Licensor or as modified by the
    Licensee, or upon request by Licensor destroy the Software and all
    copies, and certify in writing that they have been destroyed.
    Termination under this paragraph shall not relieve Licensee of its
    obligations regarding confidentiality of the Software.

Without limiting any of the above provisions, in the event of
termination as a result of the Licensee\'s failure to comply with any of
its obligations under this License Agreement, the Licensee shall
continue to be obligated for any payments due. Termination of the
license(s) shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any equitable
remedies available to Licensor.

1.  **TAXES**

Licensee shall, in addition to the other amounts payable under this
License Agreement, pay all sales and other taxes, federal, state, or
otherwise, however designated, which are levied or imposed by reason of
the transactions contemplated by this License Agreement. Without
limiting the foregoing, Licensee shall promptly pay to Licensor an
amount equal to any such items actually paid, or required to be
collected or paid by Licensor.

1.  **HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS**

Licensee shall make available for the Software implementation, at each
location listed in Schedule B, computer equipment and software
configurations approved by Licensor as adequate for such implementation
at such location.

1.  **LICENSED LOCATIONS**

Use of the Software by the Licensee at any location other than those
described above in paragraph I shall be the basis for immediate
termination of this License Agreement. Termination of the License
Agreement shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any equitable
remedies available to Licensor.

The System shall be delivered, installed and tested at each Data
Processing Center identified in Schedule B in accordance with the
Delivery, Installation and Testing Schedule attached as Schedule D.

1.  **CUSTOM MODIFICATIONS**

All custom modifications to the Software, not including assisting
Licensee in implementation of the Software Job Control Language, shall
be undertaken by Licensor at its then current time and materials
charges. For each custom modification requested, Licensee shall provide
written specifications to Licensor, which shall be mutually agreed upon
prior to commencement of such custom modification effort.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

Each party acknowledges that it has read this Agreement, it understands
it, and agrees to be bound by its terms, and further agrees that this is
the complete and exclusive statement of the Agreement between the
parties, which supersedes and merges all prior proposals, understandings
and all other agreements, oral and written, between the parties relating
to this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or altered except
by written instrument duly executed by both parties.

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid under any applicable
statute or rule of law, it is to that extent to be deemed omitted.

1.  **REASONABLE CAUSES**

Dates or times by which Licensor is required to make performance under
this license shall be postponed automatically to the extent that
Licensor is prevented from meeting them by causes beyond its reasonable
control.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

The Licensee may not assign or sub-license, without the prior written
consent of Licensor, its rights, duties or obligations under this
Agreement to any person or entity, in whole or in part. No action,
regardless of form, arising out of this Agreement may be brought by
Licensee more than two years after the cause of action has arisen.

1.  **ATTORNEY'S FEES**

Licensor shall have the right to collect from Licensee its reasonable
expenses incurred in enforcing this agreement including attorney\'s
fees.

1.  **WAIVER**

The waiver or failure of Licensor to exercise in any respect any right
provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further right
hereunder.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
dates set forth first above, with full knowledge of its content and
significance and intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof.

COMPANY CONSULTANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**[DESCRIPTION OF THE SOFTWARE SYSTEM ]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE B]{.underline}**

**[DATA PROCESSING CENTERS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE C]{.underline}**

**[FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS]{.underline}**

**[SCHEDULE D]{.underline}**

**[INSTALLATION AND TESTING SCHEDULE]{.underline}**
