# [BASIC FACTS ABOUT]{.underline}

**REGISTERING A TRADEMARK IN USA**

**[What Is a Trademark?]{.underline}**

[A TRADEMARK is either a word, phrase, symbol or design, or combination
of words, phrases, symbols or designs, which identifies and
distinguishes the source of the goods or services of one party from
those of others. A service mark is the same as a trademark except that
it identifies and distinguishes the source of a service rather than a
product. Throughout this booklet the terms \"trademark\" and \"mark\"
are used to refer to both trademarks and service marks whether they are
word marks or other types of marks. Normally, a mark for goods appears
on the product or on its packaging, while a service mark appears in
advertising for the services.]{.underline}

[A trademark is different from a copyright or a patent. A copyright
protects an original artistic or literary work; a patent protects an
invention. For copyright information call the Library of Congress at
(202) 707-3000.]{.underline}

**[Establishing Trademark Rights]{.underline}**

[Trademark rights arise from either (1) actual use of the mark, or (2)
the filing of a proper application to register a mark in the Patent and
Trademark Office (PTO) stating that the applicant has a bona fide
intention to use the mark in commerce regulated by the U.S. Congress.
(See below, under \"Types of Applications,\" for a discussion of what is
meant by the terms commerce and use in commerce.) Federal registration
is not required to establish rights in a mark, nor is it required to
begin use of a mark. However, federal registration can secure benefits
beyond the rights acquired by merely using a mark. For example, the
owner of a federal registration is presumed to be the owner of the mark
for the goods and services specified in the registration, and to be
entitled to use the mark nationwide. ]{.underline}

[There are two related but distinct types of rights in a mark: the right
to register and the right to use. Generally, the first party who either
uses a mark in commerce or files an application in the PTO has the
ultimate right to register that mark. The PTO\'s authority is limited to
determining the right to register. The right to use a mark can be more
complicated to determine. This is particularly true when two parties
have begun use of the same or similar marks without knowledge of one
another and neither has a federal registration. Only a court can render
a decision about the right to use, such as issuing an injunction or
awarding damages for infringement. It should be noted that a federal
registration can provide significant advantages to a party involved in a
court proceeding. The PTO cannot provide advice concerning rights in a
mark. Only a private attorney can provide such advice. ]{.underline}

[Unlike copyrights or patents, trademark rights can last indefinitely if
the owner continues to use the mark to identify its goods or services.
The term of a federal trademark registration is 10 years, with 10-year
renewal terms. However, between the fifth and sixth year after the date
of initial registration, the registrant must file an affidavit setting
forth certain information to keep the registration alive. If no
affidavit is filed, the registration is canceled. ]{.underline}

**[Types of Applications for Federal Registration]{.underline}**

[An applicant may apply for federal registration in three principal
ways. (1) An applicant who has already commenced using a mark in
commerce may file based on that use (a \"use\" application). (2) An
applicant who has not yet used the mark may apply based on a bona fide
intention to use the mark in commerce (an \"intent-to-use\"
application). For the purpose of obtaining federal registration,
commerce means all commerce which may lawfully be regulated by the U.S.
Congress, for example, interstate commerce or commerce between the U.S.
and another country. The use in commerce must be a bona fide use in the
ordinary course of trade, and not made merely to reserve a right in a
mark. Use of a mark in promotion or advertising before the product or
service is actually provided under the mark on a normal commercial scale
does not qualify as use in commerce. Use of a mark in purely local
commerce within a state does not qualify as \"use in commerce.\" If an
applicant files based on a bona fide intention to use in commerce, the
applicant will have to use the mark in commerce and submit an allegation
of use to the PTO before the PTO will register the mark (See page 12).
(3) Additionally, under certain international agreements, an applicant
from outside the United States may file in the United States based on an
application or registration in another country. For information
regarding applications based on international agreements please call the
information number provided on page 4.]{.underline}

[A United States registration provides protection only in the United
States and its territories. If the owner of a mark wishes to protect a
mark in other countries, the owner must seek protection in each country
separately under the relevant laws. The PTO cannot provide information
or advice concerning protection in other countries. Interested parties
may inquire directly in the relevant country or its U.S. offices or
through an attorney.]{.underline}

**[Who May File an Application?]{.underline}**

[The application must be filed in the name of the owner of the mark;
usually an individual, corporation or partnership. The owner of a mark
controls the nature and quality of the goods or services identified by
the mark. See below in the line-by-line instructions for information
about who must sign the application and other papers.]{.underline}

[The owner may submit and prosecute its own application for
registration, or may be represented by an attorney. The PTO cannot help
select an attorney.]{.underline}

**[Foreign Applicants]{.underline}**

[Applicants not living in the United States must designate in writing
the name and address of a domestic representative -- a person residing
in the United States \"upon whom notices of process may be served for
proceedings affecting the mark.\" The applicant may do so by submitting
a statement that the named person at the address indicated is appointed
as the applicant\'s domestic representative under ยง1(e) of the Trademark
Act. The applicant must sign this statement. This person will receive
all communications from the PTO unless the applicant is represented by
an attorney in the United States.]{.underline}

**[Searches for Conflicting Marks]{.underline}**

[An applicant is not required to conduct a search for conflicting marks
prior to applying with the PTO. However, some people find it useful. In
evaluating an application, an examining attorney conducts a search and
notifies the applicant if a conflicting mark is found. The application
fee, which covers processing and search costs, will not be refunded even
if a conflict is found and the mark cannot be registered.]{.underline}

[To determine whether there is a conflict between two marks, the PTO
determines whether there would be likelihood of confusion, that is,
whether relevant consumers would be likely to associate the goods or
services of one party with those of the other party as a result of the
use of the marks at issue by both parties. The principal factors to be
considered in reaching this decision are the similarity of the marks and
the commercial relationship between the goods and services identified by
the marks. To find a conflict, the marks need not be identical, and the
goods and services do not have to be the same.]{.underline}

[The PTO does not conduct searches for the public to determine if a
conflicting mark is registered, or is the subject of a pending
application, except as noted above when acting on an application.
However, there are a variety of ways to get this same type of
information. First, by performing a search in the PTO public search
library. The search library is located on the second floor of the South
Tower Building, 2900 Crystal Drive, Arlington, Virginia 22202. Second,
by visiting a patent and trademark depository library (at locations
listed on pages 14 and 15). These libraries have CD-ROMS containing the
trademark database of registered and pending marks. Finally, either a
private trademark search company, or an attorney who deals with
trademark law, can provide trademark registration information. The PTO
cannot provide advice about possible conflicts between
marks.]{.underline}

**[Laws & Rules Governing Federal Registration]{.underline}**

[The federal registration of trademarks is governed by the Trademark Act
of 1946, as amended, 15 U.S.C. ยง1051 et seq.; the Trademark Rules, 37
C.F.R. Part 2; and the Trademark Manual of Examining Procedure (2d ed.
1993).]{.underline}

**[Other Types of Applications]{.underline}**

[In addition to trademarks and service marks, the Trademark Act provides
for federal registration of other types of marks, such as certification
marks, collective trademarks and service marks, and collective
membership marks. These types of marks are relatively rare. For forms
and information regarding the registration of these marks, please call
the appropriate trademark information number indicated
below.]{.underline}

**[Where to Send the Application and Correspondence]{.underline}**

[The application and all other correspondence should be addressed to
\"The Assistant Commissioner for Trademarks, 2900 Crystal Drive,
Arlington, Virginia 22202-3513.\" The initial application should be
directed to \"Box NEW APP / FEE.\" An AMENDMENT TO ALLEGE USE should be
directed to \"Attn. AAU.\" A STATEMENT OF USE or REQUEST FOR AN
EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE A STATEMENT OF USE should be directed to \"Box
ITU / FEE.\" (See page 5 for an explanation of these
terms.)]{.underline}

[The applicant should indicate its telephone number on the application
form. Once a serial number is assigned to the application, the applicant
should refer to the serial number in all written and telephone
communications concerning the application.]{.underline}

[It is advisable to submit a stamped, self-addressed postcard with the
application specifically listing each item in the mailing, that is, the
written application, the drawing, the fee, and the specimens (if
appropriate). The PTO will stamp the filing date and serial number of
the application on the postcard to acknowledge receipt. This will help
the applicant if any item is later lost or if the applicant wishes to
inquire about the application. The PTO will send a separate official
notification of the filing date and serial number for every application
about two months after receipt.]{.underline}

**[Use of the \"TM,\" \"SM\" and \"]{.underline}[ยฎ]{.underline}[\"
Symbols]{.underline}**

[Anyone who claims rights in a mark may use the TM (trademark) or SM
(service mark) designation with the mark to alert the public to the
claim. It is not necessary to have a registration, or even a pending
application, to use these designations. The claim may or may not be
valid. The registration symbol, ยฎ, may only be used when the mark is
registered in the PTO. It is improper to use this symbol at any point
before the registration issues. Please omit all symbols from the mark in
the drawing you submit with your application; the symbols are not
considered part of the mark.]{.underline}

**[Information Numbers]{.underline}**

+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [General Trademark or Patent        | [(703) 308-HELP]{.underline}  |
| Information]{.underline}            |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                                     |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Automated (Recorded) General       | [(703) 557-INFO]{.underline}  |
| Trademark or Patent                 |                               |
| Information]{.underline}            |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Automated Line for Status          | [(703) 305-8747 ]{.underline} |
| Information on Trademark            |                               |
| Applications]{.underline}           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| [(Additional status information is  |                               |
| available at (703)                  |                               |
| 308-9400)]{.underline}              |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Assignment & Certification Branch  | [(703) 308-9723]{.underline}  |
| (Assignments, Changes of Name, and  |                               |
| Certified Copies of Applications    |                               |
| and Registrations)]{.underline}     |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Trademark Assistance               | [(703) 308-9000]{.underline}  |
| Center]{.underline}                 |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Information Regarding Renewals     | [(703) 308-9500]{.underline}  |
| \[Sec. 9\], Affidavits of Use       |                               |
| \[Sec. 8\], Incontestability \[Sec. |                               |
| 15\], or Correcting a Mistake on a  |                               |
| Registration ]{.underline}          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Information Regarding Applications | [(703) 308-9000]{.underline}  |
| Based on International Agreements   |                               |
| or for Certification, Collective,   |                               |
| or Collective Membership Marks      |                               |
| ]{.underline}                       |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                                     |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Trademark Trial and Appeal         | [(703) 308-9300]{.underline}  |
| Board]{.underline}                  |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                                     |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| [Assistant Commissioner for         | [(703) 308-8900]{.underline}  |
| Trademarks]{.underline}             |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                                     |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+

**[THE REGISTRATION PROCESS]{.underline}**

**[Filing Date - Filing Receipt]{.underline}**

[The PTO is responsible for the federal registration of trademarks. When
an application is received, the PTO reviews it to determine if it meets
the minimum requirements for receiving a filing date. If the application
meets the filing requirements, the PTO assigns it a serial number and
sends the applicant a receipt about two months after filing. If the
minimum requirements are not met, the entire mailing, including the
filing fee, is returned to the applicant. ]{.underline}

**[Examination]{.underline}**

[About four months after filing, an examining attorney at the PTO
reviews the application and determines whether the mark may be
registered. If the examining attorney determines that the mark cannot be
registered, the examining attorney will issue a letter listing any
grounds for refusal and any corrections required in the application. The
examining attorney may also contact the applicant by telephone if only
minor corrections are required. The applicant must respond to any
objections within six months of the mailing date of the letter, or the
application will be abandoned. If the applicant\'s response does not
overcome all objections, the examining attorney will issue a final
refusal. The applicant may then appeal to the Trademark Trial and Appeal
Board, an administrative tribunal within the PTO. ]{.underline}

[A common ground for refusal is likelihood of confusion between the
applicant\'s mark and a registered mark. This ground is discussed on
pages 2 and 3. Marks which are merely descriptive in relation to the
applicant\'s goods or services, or a feature of the goods or services,
may also be refused. Marks consisting of geographic terms or surnames
may also be refused. Marks may be refused for other reasons as
well.]{.underline}

**[Publication for Opposition]{.underline}**

[If there are no objections, or if the applicant overcomes all
objections, the examining attorney will approve the mark for publication
in the Official Gazette, a weekly publication of the PTO. The PTO will
send a NOTICE OF PUBLICATION to the applicant indicating the date of
publication. ]{.underline}

[In the case of two or more applications for similar marks, the PTO will
publish the application with the earliest effective filing date first.
Any party who believes it may be damaged by the registration of the mark
has 30 days from the date of publication to file an opposition to
registration. An opposition is similar to a formal proceeding in the
federal courts, but is held before the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board.
If no opposition is filed, the application enters the next stage of the
registration process.]{.underline}

**[Issuance of Certificate of Registration or Notice of
Allowance]{.underline}**

[If the application was based upon the actual use of the mark in
commerce prior to approval for publication, the PTO will register the
mark and issue a registration certificate about 12 weeks after the date
the mark was published, if no opposition was filed.]{.underline}

[If, instead, the mark was published based upon the applicant\'s
statement of having a bona fide intention to use the mark in commerce,
the PTO will issue a NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE about 12 weeks after the date
the mark was published, again provided no opposition was filed. The
applicant then has six months from the date of the NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE
to either (1) use the mark in commerce and submit a STATEMENT OF USE, or
(2) request a six-month EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE A STATEMENT OF USE
(see forms and instructions in this booklet). The applicant may request
additional extensions of time only as noted in the instructions on the
back of the extension form. If the STATEMENT OF USE is filed and
approved, the PTO will then issue the registration certificate.
]{.underline}

**[FILING REQUIREMENTS]{.underline}**

[WARNING: BEFORE COMPLETING AN APPLICATION, READ THE INSTRUCTIONS
CAREFULLY AND STUDY THE EXAMPLES PROVIDED. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS MAY
RESULT IN THE DENIAL OF A FILING DATE AND THE RETURN OF APPLICATION
PAPERS, ]{.underline}*[OR]{.underline}*[ THE DENIAL OF REGISTRATION AND
FORFEITURE OF THE FILING FEE.]{.underline}

[To receive a filing date, the applicant must provide all of the
following:]{.underline}

[ 1. A ]{.underline}**[written application]{.underline}**[
form;]{.underline}

[ 2. A ]{.underline}**[drawing]{.underline}**[ of the mark on a separate
piece of paper;]{.underline}

[ 3. The required filing ]{.underline}**[fee ]{.underline}**[(see page
11 for fee information); and ]{.underline}

[4. If the application is filed based upon prior use of the mark in
commerce, ]{.underline}**[three specimens]{.underline}**[ for each class
of goods or services. The specimens must show actual use of the mark
with the goods or services. The specimens may be identical or they may
be examples of three different uses showing the same mark.]{.underline}

**[1.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[WRITTEN APPLICATION FORM \[PTO FORM
1478\]]{.underline}**

[The application must be in English. A separate application must be
filed for each mark the applicant wishes to register. Likewise, if the
applicant wishes to register more than one version of the same mark, a
separate application must be filed for each version. PTO Form 1478
included in the back of this booklet may be used for either a trademark
or service mark application. It may be photocopied for your convenience.
See the examples of completed applications on pages 16 and 17 with
references to the following line-by-line instructions.]{.underline}

**[LINE-BY-LINE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLING OUT
PTO FORM 1478, ENTITLED \"TRADEMARK/SERVICE MARK
APPLICATION,]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[PRINCIPAL REGISTER, WITH
DECLARATION\"]{.underline}**

[Space 1 \-- The Mark]{.underline}

[Indicate the mark (for example, \"THEORYTEC\" or \"PINSTRIPES AND
DESIGN\"). This should agree with the mark shown on the drawing page. If
there is a discrepancy between the mark described in the written
application and the mark displayed in the drawing, the drawing controls.
]{.underline}

[Space 2 \-- Classification]{.underline}

[It is not necessary to fill in this box. The PTO will determine the
proper International Classification based upon the identification of the
goods and services in the application. However, if the applicant knows
the International Class number(s) for the goods and services, the
applicant may place the number(s) in this box. The International Classes
are listed inside of the back cover of this booklet. If the PTO
determines that the goods and services listed are in more than one
class, the PTO will notify the applicant during examination of the
application, and the applicant will have the opportunity to pay the fees
for any additional classes or to limit the goods and services to one or
more classes.]{.underline}

[Space 3 \-- The Owner of the Mark]{.underline}

[The name of the owner of the mark must be entered in this box. The
application must be filed in the name of the owner of the mark or the
application will be void, and the applicant will forfeit the filing fee.
The owner of the mark is the party who controls the nature and quality
of the goods sold, or services rendered, under the mark. The owner may
be an individual, a partnership, a corporation, or an association or
similar firm. If the applicant is a corporation, the applicant\'s name
is the name under which it is incorporated. If the applicant is a
partnership, the applicant\'s name is the name under which it is
organized.]{.underline}

[Space 4 \-- The Owner\'s Address]{.underline}

[Enter the applicant\'s business address. If the applicant is an
individual, enter either the applicant\'s business or home
address.]{.underline}

[Space 5 \-- Entity Type and Citizenship/Domicile]{.underline}

[The applicant must check the box which indicates the type of entity
applying. In addition, in the blank following the box, the applicant
must specify the following information:]{.underline}

[Space 5(a) \-- for an ]{.underline}**[individual]{.underline}**[, the
applicant\'s national citizenship;]{.underline}

[Space 5(b) \-- for a ]{.underline}**[partnership]{.underline}**[, the
names and national citizenship of the general partners and the state
where the partnership is organized (if a U.S. partnership) or country
(if a foreign partnership);]{.underline}

[Space 5(c) \-- for a ]{.underline}**[corporation]{.underline}**[, the
state of incorporation (if a U.S. corporation), or country (if a foreign
corporation); or ]{.underline}

[Space 5(d) \-- for another type of entity, specify the nature of the
entity and the state where it is organized (if in the U.S.) or country
where it is organized (if a foreign entity).]{.underline}

[Space 6 \-- Identification of the Goods and/or Services]{.underline}

[In this blank the applicant must state the specific goods and services
for which registration is sought and with which the applicant has
actually used the mark in commerce, or in the case of an
\"intent-to-use\" application, has a bona fide intention to use the mark
in commerce. Use clear and concise terms specifying the actual goods and
services by their common commercial names. A mark can only be registered
for specific goods and services. The goods and services listed will
establish the scope of the applicant\'s rights in the relevant mark.
]{.underline}

[The goods and services listed must be the applicant\'s actual \"goods
in trade\" or the actual services the applicant renders for the benefit
of others. Use language that would be readily understandable to the
general public. For example, if the applicant uses or intends to use the
mark to identify \"candy,\" \"word processors,\" \"baseballs and
baseball bats,\" \"travel magazines,\" \"dry cleaning services\" or
\"restaurant services\" the identification should clearly and concisely
list each such item. If the applicant uses indefinite terms, such as
\"accessories,\" \"components,\" \"devices,\" \"equipment,\" \"food,\"
\"materials,\" \"parts,\" \"systems,\" \"products,\" or the like, then
those words must be followed by the word \"namely\" and the goods or
services listed by their common commercial name(s). Note that the terms
used in the classification listing on the inside of the back cover of
this booklet are generally too broad. Do not use these terms by
themselves.]{.underline}

[The applicant must be very careful when identifying the goods and
services. Because the filing of an application establishes certain
presumptions of rights as of the filing date, the application may
not]{.underline}**[ be amended later to add any products or services not
within the scope of the identification.]{.underline}[
]{.underline}**[For example, the identification of \"clothing\" could be
amended to \"shirts and jackets,\" which narrows the scope, but could
not be amended to \"retail clothing store services,\" which would change
the scope. Similarly, \"physical therapy services\" could not be changed
to \"medical services\" because this would broaden the scope of the
identification. Also, if the identification includes a trade channel
limitation, deleting that limitation would broaden the scope of the
identification. ]{.underline}

[The ]{.underline}**[identification of goods and
services]{.underline}**[ must not describe ]{.underline}**[the
mode]{.underline}**[ of use of the mark, such as on labels, stationery,
menus, signs, containers or in advertising. There is another place on
the application, called the \"method-of-use clause,\" for this kind of
information. (See information under Space 7a, fourth blank, described on
the next page.) For example, in the identification of goods and
services, the term \"advertising\" usually is intended to identify a
service rendered by advertising agencies. Moreover, \"labels,\"
\"menus,\" \"signs\" and \"containers\" are specific goods. If the
applicant identifies these goods or services by mistake, the applicant
may not amend the identification to the actual goods or services of the
applicant. Thus, if the identification indicates \"menus,\" it could not
be amended to \"restaurant services.\" Similarly, if the goods are
identified as \"containers or labels for jam,\" the identification could
not be amended to \"jam.\"]{.underline}

**[NOTE:]{.underline}**[ If nothing appears in this blank, or if the
identification does not identify any recognizable goods or services, the
application will be denied a filing date and returned to the applicant.
For example, if the applicant specifies the mark itself or wording such
as \"company name,\" \"corporate name,\" or \"company logo,\" and
nothing else, the application will be denied a filing date and returned
to the applicant. If the applicant identifies the goods and services too
broadly as, for example, \"advertising and business,\"
\"miscellaneous,\" \"miscellaneous goods and services,\" or just
\"products,\" or \"services,\" the application will also be denied a
filing date and returned to the applicant.]{.underline}

[Space 7 \-- Basis for Filing]{.underline}

[The applicant must check at least one of the four boxes to specify a
basis for filing the application. The applicant should also fill in all
blanks which follow the checked box(es). Usually an application is based
upon either (1) use of the mark in commerce (the first box), or (2) a
bona fide intention to use the mark in commerce (the second box).
]{.underline}**[You may not check both the first and second
box.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[If both the first and second boxes are
checked, the PTO will ]{.underline}*[not]{.underline}*[ accept the
application and will return it.]{.underline}**[ If an applicant wishes
to apply to register a mark, for certain goods and services for which it
is already using the mark in commerce, and also for other goods and
services based on future use, separate applications must be filed to
separate the relevant goods and services from each other.]{.underline}

[Space 7(a)]{.underline}

[If the applicant is using the mark in commerce in relation to all of
the goods and services listed in the application, check this first box
and fill in the blanks.]{.underline}

[In the ]{.underline}**[first blank]{.underline}**[ specify the date the
trademark was first used to identify the goods and services in a type of
commerce which may be regulated by Congress.]{.underline}

[In the ]{.underline}**[second blank]{.underline}**[ specify the type of
commerce, specifically a type of commerce which may be regulated by
Congress, in which the goods were sold or shipped, or the services were
rendered. (See page 2 for a discussion of the meaning of \"use in
commerce.\") For example, indicate \"interstate commerce\" (commerce
between two or more states) or commerce between the United States and a
specific foreign country, for example, \"commerce between the U.S. and
Canada.\" ]{.underline}

[In the ]{.underline}**[third blank]{.underline}**[ specify the date
that the mark was first used anywhere to identify the goods or services
specified in the application. This date will be the same as the date of
first use in commerce unless the applicant made some use, for example,
within a single state, before the first use in commerce.]{.underline}

[In the ]{.underline}**[fourth blank]{.underline}**[ specify how the
mark is placed on the goods or used with the services. This is referred
to as the \"method-of-use clause,\" and should not be confused with the
identification of the goods and services described under Space 6. For
example, in relation to goods, state \"the mark is used on labels
affixed to the goods,\" or \"the mark is used on containers for the
goods,\" whichever is accurate. In relation to services, state \"the
mark is used in advertisements for the services.\" ]{.underline}

[Space 7(b)]{.underline}

[If the applicant has a bona fide intention to use the mark in commerce
in relation to the goods or services specified in the application, check
this second box and fill in the blank. The applicant should check this
box if the mark has not been used at all or if the mark has been used on
the specified goods or services only within a single state.]{.underline}

[In the blank, state how the mark is intended to be placed on the goods
or used with the services. For example, for goods, state \"the mark will
be used on labels affixed to the goods,\" or \"the mark will be used on
containers for the goods,\" whichever is accurate. For services, state
\"the mark will be used in advertisements for the
services.\"]{.underline}

[Spaces 7(c) and (d)]{.underline}

[These spaces are usually used only by applicants from foreign countries
who are filing in the United States under international agreements.
These applications are less common. For further information about
treaty-based applications, call the trademark information number listed
in this booklet on page 4, or contact a private attorney.]{.underline}

[Space 8 \-- Verification and Signature]{.underline}

[The applicant must verify the truth and accuracy of the information in
the application and must sign the application. The declaration in Space
8, on the back of the form, is for this purpose. If the application is
not signed, the application will not be granted a filing date and will
be returned to the applicant. If the application is not signed by an
appropriate person, the application will be found void and the filing
fee will be forfeited. Therefore, it is important that the proper person
sign the application.]{.underline}

[Who should sign?]{.underline}

[โข If the applicant is an ]{.underline}**[individual]{.underline}**[,
that ]{.underline}**[individual ]{.underline}**[must sign.]{.underline}

[โขIf the applicant is a ]{.underline}**[partnership]{.underline}**[, a
]{.underline}**[general partner]{.underline}**[ must sign.]{.underline}

[โขIf the applicant is a ]{.underline}**[corporation, association or
similar organization]{.underline}**[, an
]{.underline}**[officer]{.underline}**[ of the corporation, association
or organization must sign. An officer is a person who holds an office
established in the articles of incorporation or the bylaws.
]{.underline}**[Officers may not delegate this authority to non
officers]{.underline}**[.]{.underline}

[โขIf the applicants are ]{.underline}**[joint
applicants]{.underline}**[, all joint applicants must sign.]{.underline}

[The person who signs the application must indicate the date signed,
provide a telephone number to be used if it is necessary to contact the
applicant, and clearly print or type their name and
position.]{.underline}

**[2.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[THE DRAWING PAGE]{.underline}**

**[Every application must include a single drawing page.]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[If there is no drawing page, the application will be
denied a filing date and returned to the applicant.]{.underline}**[ The
PTO uses the drawing to file the mark in the PTO search records and to
print the mark in the Official Gazette and on the
registration.]{.underline}

[The drawing must be on pure white, durable, non-shiny paper that is 8ยฝ
(21.59 cm) inches wide by 11 (27.94 cm) inches long. There must be at
least a one-inch (2.54 cm) margin on the sides, top and bottom of the
page, and at least one inch between the heading and the display of the
mark.]{.underline}

[At the top of the drawing there must be a
]{.underline}**[heading]{.underline}**[, listing on separate lines, the
applicant\'s complete name, address, the goods and services specified in
the application, and in applications based on use in commerce, the date
of first use of the mark and the date of first use of the mark in
commerce. This heading should be typewritten. If the drawing is in
special form, the heading should include a description of the essential
elements of the mark.]{.underline}

[The ]{.underline}**[drawing of the mark]{.underline}**[ should appear
at the center of the page. The drawing of the mark may be
]{.underline}**[typewritten]{.underline}**[, as shown on page 19, or it
may be in ]{.underline}**[special form]{.underline}**[, as shown on page
18.]{.underline}

[If the mark includes words, numbers or letters, the applicant can
usually elect to submit either a typewritten or a special-form drawing.
To register a mark consisting of only words, letters or numbers, without
indicating any particular style or design, provide a typewritten
drawing. In a typewritten drawing the mark must be typed entirely in
CAPITAL LETTERS, even if the mark, as used, includes lower-case letters.
Use a standard typewriter or type of the same size and style as that on
a standard typewriter.]{.underline}

[To indicate color, use the color linings shown below. The appropriate
lining should appear in the area where the relevant color would appear.
If the drawings is lined for color, insert a statement in the written
application to indicate so, for example, \"The mark is lined for the
colors red and green.\" A plain black-and-white drawing is acceptable
even if the mark is used in color. Most drawings do not indicate
specific colors. ]{.underline}

[Be careful in preparing the drawing. While it may be possible to make
some minor changes, the rules prohibit any material change to the
drawing of the mark after filing. ]{.underline}

[To register a word mark in the form in which it is actually used or
intended to be used in commerce, or any mark including a design, submit
a ]{.underline}**[special-form]{.underline}**[ drawing. In a
special-form drawing, the mark must not be larger than 4 inches by 4
inches (10.16 cm by 10.16 cm). If the drawing of the mark is larger than
4 inches by 4 inches, the application will be denied a filing date and
returned to the applicant. In addition, the drawing must appear only in
black and white, with every line and letter black and clear. No color or
gray is allowed. Do not combine typed matter and special form in the
same drawing.]{.underline}

[The drawing in special form must be a substantially exact
representation of the mark as it appears on the specimens. The applicant
may apply to register any portion of a mark consisting of more than one
element, provided the mark displayed in the drawing creates a separate
impression apart from other elements it appears with on the specimens.
For example, generally it is possible to register a word mark by itself
even though the specimen shows the word mark used in combination with a
design or as part of a logo. Do not include non trademark matter in the
drawing, such as informational matter which may appear on a label. In
the end, the applicant must decide exactly what to register and in what
form. The PTO considers the drawing controlling in determining exactly
what mark the application covers. ]{.underline}

**[3.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[FEES]{.underline}**

[Filing Fee]{.underline}

[The ]{.underline}**[application filing fee ]{.underline}**[is
]{.underline}**[\$245.00]{.underline}**[ for ]{.underline}**[each
class]{.underline}**[ of goods or services listed. (See the
International Classification of Goods and Services listed on the inside
of the back cover.) ]{.underline}**[At least \$245.00 must accompany the
application, or the application will be denied a filing date and all the
papers returned to the applicant.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[Fee
increases, when necessary, usually take effect on October 1 of any given
year. Please call the general information number listed on page 4 for
up-to-date fee information if filing after September 1995. The PTO
receives no taxpayer funds. The PTO\'s operations are supported entirely
from fees paid by applicants and registrants.]{.underline}

[Additional Fees Related to Intent-To-Use Applications]{.underline}

[In addition to the application filing fee, applicants filing based on a
bona fide intention to use a mark in commerce must submit a fee of
]{.underline}**[\$100.00]{.underline}**[ for ]{.underline}**[each
class]{.underline}**[ of goods or services in the application when
filing any of the following:]{.underline}

[ โข an AMENDMENT TO ALLEGE USE]{.underline}

[ โข a STATEMENT OF USE]{.underline}

[ โข a REQUEST FOR AN EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE A STATEMENT OF
USE]{.underline}

[Form of Payment]{.underline}

[All payments must be made in United States currency, by check, post
office money order or certified check. Personal or business checks may
be submitted. Make checks and money orders payable to:
]{.underline}**[The Assistant Commissioner for
Trademarks]{.underline}**[. ]{.underline}

**[NOTE:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[FEES ARE NOT
REFUNDABLE.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

**[4.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[SPECIMENS]{.underline}**

[The following information is designed to provide guidance regarding the
specimens required to show use of the mark in commerce.]{.underline}

[When to File the Specimens]{.underline}

[If the applicant has already used the mark in commerce and files based
on this use in commerce, then the applicant must submit
]{.underline}**[three specimens per class]{.underline}**[ showing use of
the mark in commerce with the application. If, instead, the application
is based on a bona fide intention to use mark in commerce, the applicant
must submit ]{.underline}**[three specimens per class]{.underline}**[ at
the time the applicant files either an AMENDMENT TO ALLEGE USE or a
STATEMENT OF USE.]{.underline}

[What to File as a Specimen]{.underline}

[The specimens must be actual samples of how the mark is being used in
commerce. ]{.underline}**[The specimens may be identical or they may be
examples of three different uses showing the same mark.]{.underline}**

[If the mark is used on ]{.underline}**[goods]{.underline}**[, examples
of acceptable specimens are tags or labels which are attached to the
goods, containers for the goods, displays associated with the goods, or
photographs of the goods showing use of the mark on the goods
themselves. If it is impractical to send an actual specimen because of
its size, photographs or other acceptable reproductions that show the
mark on the goods, or packaging for the goods, must be furnished.
Invoices, announcements, order forms, bills of lading, leaflets,
brochures, catalogs, publicity releases, letterhead, and business cards
generally are not acceptable specimens for goods.]{.underline}

[If the mark is used for ]{.underline}**[services,
]{.underline}**[examples of acceptable specimens are signs, brochures
about the services, advertisements for the services, business cards or
stationery showing the mark in connection with the services, or
photographs which show the mark either as it is used in the rendering or
advertising of the services. In the case of a service mark, the
specimens must either show the mark and include some clear reference to
the type of services rendered under the mark in some form of
advertising, or show the mark as it is used in the rendering of the
service, for example on a store front or the side of a delivery or
service truck. ]{.underline}

[Specimens may not be larger than 8ยฝ inches by 11 inches (21.59 cm by
27.94 cm) and must be flat. See pages 18 through 22 for samples of some
different types of specimens. Smaller specimens, such as labels, may be
stapled to a sheet of paper and labeled \"SPECIMENS.\" A separate sheet
can be used for each class.]{.underline}

**[ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ]{.underline}**

**[INTENT-TO-USE APPLICATIONS]{.underline}**

[An applicant who files its application based on having a bona fide
intention to use a mark in commerce must make use of the mark in
commerce before the mark can register. After use in commerce begins, the
applicant must submit:]{.underline}

[1. three specimens evidencing use as discussed above;]{.underline}

[2. a fee of ]{.underline}**[\$100.00]{.underline}**[ per class of goods
or services in the application; and ]{.underline}

[3.]{.underline}**[ either ]{.underline}**[(1) an AMENDMENT TO ALLEGE
USE if the application has not yet been approved for publication (use
PTO Form 1579) ]{.underline}**[or]{.underline}**[ (2) a STATEMENT OF USE
if the mark has been published and the PTO has issued a NOTICE OF
ALLOWANCE (use PTO Form 1580).]{.underline}

[If the applicant will not make use of the mark in commerce within six
months of the NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE, ]{.underline}**[the applicant must
file]{.underline}**[ a REQUEST FOR AN EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE A
STATEMENT OF USE]{.underline}**[, ]{.underline}**[or the application is
abandoned. (Use PTO Form 1581, which is intended only for this
purpose.)]{.underline}

[See the instructions and information on the back of the forms. The
previous information about specimens, identifications of goods and
services and dates of use is also relevant to filing an AMENDMENT TO
ALLEGE USE or STATEMENT OF USE. Follow the instructions on these forms
carefully. Failure to file the necessary papers in proper form within
the time provided may result in abandonment of the
application.]{.underline}

**[PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE SERVICES]{.underline}**

**[Trademark Assistance Center]{.underline}**

[In order to provide improved service to trademark applicants,
registrants, and the general public, the Patent and Trademark Office has
implemented a pilot program called the \"Trademark Assistance Center.\"
The Center provides general information about the trademark registration
process and responds to inquiries pertaining to the status of specific
trademark applications and registrations. The location of the Center is
2900 Crystal Drive, Room 4B10, Arlington, Virginia 22202-3513.
Assistance may be obtained in-person or by dialing (703) 308-9000,
Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. -5:00 p.m. eastern time, except
holidays. Please note that personal assistance concerning trademark as
well as patent matters will continue to be available at (703) 308-HELP
and recorded information will continue to be available at (703)
557-INFO. Also, automated information about the status of trademark
applications and registrations will continue to be available at (703)
305-8747.]{.underline}

**[Patent and Trademark Depository Libraries]{.underline}**

[Patent and Trademark Depository Libraries (PTDLs) receive patent and
trademark information in various formats from the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office. Many PTDLs have on file all trademarks published since
1872. All PTDLs have the trademark sections of the
]{.underline}*[Official Gazette of the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office]{.underline}*[. Trademark search systems on CD-ROM format are
available at all PTDLs to increase utilization of and enhance access to
the information found in trademarks. It is through the CD-ROM systems
that preliminary trademark searches can be conducted through the
numerically arranged collections. ]{.underline}

[All information is available for use by the public free of charge.
Facilities for making paper copies of trademark information are
generally provided for a fee.]{.underline}
