## [GUIDE FOR BUYING & SELLING ]{#Introduction}

## [INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY]{#Introduction}

## INTRODUCTION

Since we entered into the digital era a decade ago, the way we conduct
business has changed dramatically. \"Information Age\" is a term we now
hear everyday. But what does it really mean? It has several definitions
but in one common sense, it illustrates a changing definition of
property. Assets no longer have to be tangible; some of the most
powerful corporations in the world rely on abstract information to
survive. In order to capitalize on that value, however, the property has
to be transferable.

Intellectual property plays an important role in an increasingly broad
range of areas, ranging from the Internet to health care to nearly all
aspects of science, technology, literature and the arts. Understanding
the role of intellectual property in these areas -- many of them still
emerging -- often requires significant new research and study.
Intellectual property, often known as IP, allows people to own their
creativity and innovation in the same way that they can own physical
property. The owner of IP can control and be rewarded for its use, and
this encourages further innovation and creativity to the benefit of us
all. In some cases IP gives rise to protection for ideas but in other
areas there will have to be more elaboration of an idea before
protection can arise. It will often not be possible to protect IP and
gain IP rights unless they have been applied for and granted, but some
IP protection such as copyright arises automatically, without any
registration, as soon as there is a record in some form of what has been
created.

**The four main types of IP generally accepted worldwide are:**

-   [Patents:]{.underline} for inventions of new and improved products
    and processes that are capable of industrial application;

-   [Trade marks:]{.underline} for brand identity of goods / services
    allowing distinctions between different traders;

-   [Designs:]{.underline} for product appearance of the whole or a part
    of a product resulting from the features of, in particular, the
    lines, contours, colours, shape, texture or materials of the product
    itself;

-   [Copyright:]{.underline} for literary and artistic material, music,
    films, sound recordings and broadcasts, including software and
    multimedia.

Transactions about IP such as licence agreements and transfer of
ownership will involve the making of contractual agreements. In many
cases, but not always, a contractual agreement will be able to override
any provisions in IP law that might conflict with what is to be agreed.
A contractual agreement is usually particularly important where you have
commissioned someone else to create something protected by IP since,
without a contract, you may not know whether you are licensed to use the
IP. Even where IP is not to be licensed or ownership transferred, there
may be situations where a contractual agreement about IP is important,
such as:

-   An agreement where a person investing in the development of IP who
    will not necessarily own it, but who may become entitled to some
    form of payment at some point in the future.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   An agreement between a creator of IP and a potential partner in its
    exploitation to discuss what might be possible under a
    confidentiality agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   An agreement between right holders and a collective licensing body
    over administration of some of the IP rights.

In every case, general provisions in law about what contractual terms
are acceptable need to be considered carefully as well as the nature of
the IP that is the subject of the contract. In particular, competition
law and company law may be relevant.

Intellectual property is a hot-button issue these days, and for good
reason. As we can see, the transfer of intellectual property is becoming
a common business transaction. However, the sale and purchase of IPR
("Intellectual Property Rights") is unlike any other type of
transaction. Everybody in the digital business (and others) now realize
that intellectual property is an asset and can be bought and sold.
Unfortunately, most people make an invalid assumption that the normal
rules of asset purchase and sale can apply. We hope that by the end of
this guide, you will see that while there are many common factors, the
differences can be very significant.

We first look at what some of these differences are, and how they are
commonly dealt with in IPR sales. Following this will be examples of
common terms in sale agreements. Then, we will deal with issues peculiar
to the major forms of intellectual property protection, including
patent, copyright and trade mark. This guide is aimed at the
non-specialist. Those who practice intellectual property on a full-time
basis will think of many other points that should be reviewed in the
sale context. For reasons of time and space, we can only mention some of
the items. As well, many factors will be obvious to even the
non-specialist, and we will ignore those; instead, we will discuss the
things that are easily overlooked.

This guide will also tend to look at purchasing issues more than selling
issues. Simply because there are more risks for the purchaser than the
vendor in intellectual property transactions. The vendor is usually only
concerned about getting the money. The purchaser has to acquire full
rights to an abstract piece of property, make sure the vendor is not
continuing to use it, and ensure that there are not any competing
rights, to name only a few of the problems. We will not ignore the
seller's concerns, but they will not be this guide's primary focus.

Finally, while IP can be different, the normal rules of purchase and
sale still apply more often than not. IPR are the property of the
Information Age, but you should always remember they are still property.

## STARTING POINTS

Intellectual property rights are plainly assets. They have value, and
they can be bought or sold. There are some differences, however, when
comparing IPR to other types of assets. If you are not regularly dealing
with IPR, you will usually try to find precedents or earlier files that
give you some guidance. Often, these precedents deal with hard assets; a
reliance on these can be dangerous for a few reasons.

First, intellectual property rights do not have to be sold. Indeed, a
purchase and sale of IPR is somewhat uncommon, because licenses are
often used. The hard asset mindset becomes dangerous when you look at
the deal only as a sale or potential sale. If your client asks you to
transfer rights, you must not lose sight of the fact that a
sale/assignment is only one of the options. It would be like someone
coming to you looking for office space. In that case, you would not only
discuss the possibility of buying a building, but you would probably
also consider leasing. Licensing IPR can be analogous to leasing, except
that more than one person can license the same property.

Secondly, you will never get the same level of comfort when buying IPR
as you will when purchasing hard assets. In a hard asset sale, the mere
fact that the vendor has possession of the goods gives you some comfort.
With abstract property like IPR, it is much easier to pass on
(fraudulently or otherwise) a non-existent title. The problem is
exacerbated because of the abstract nature of the property; there is no
registry you can search to be 100% sure the vendor can properly sell the
asset.

Further, think about what happens when there is a sale of know-how. To
say that you are buying the asset is based on \"old\" property law and
is not truly accurate. In fact you are buying a copy of the asset. The
vendor will informally retain most of the information and there is
nothing that can be done about it (except of extricating the brains of
all people who have pertinent knowledge). In order to prevent unwanted
competition in the future, you have to include special contractual terms
and restrictions that are unheard of in hard asset transactions.

This can be a problem from the vendor's side as well, especially when
the purchase price is not paid up-front. Normal rules of enforcement
upon breach do not apply to IPR deals, particularly when dealing with
unregistered rights like trade secrets. Suppose that you sell a trade
secret to a company, with payment of the purchase price made over time.
Further suppose that the purchaser defaults under your contract soon
after signing, and before you have received much of anything in the way
of consideration. Yes, you likely could sue the purchaser for the
breach, but we all know the issues and difficulties that arise from
litigation. The other remedy that you would have available in a hard
asset situation, namely seizure or repossession of the asset, is often
irrelevant here. You likely know the information anyway (or at least
could reconstruct it fairly easily), and you do not have to seize it to
get it back. On the other hand, even if you do seize the physical
manifestations of the technology (documents, computer disks, and so on),
there is no guarantee that you have vacuumed it all up, and there is
therefore the risk that the purchaser will still take advantage of the
information in some way notwithstanding the breach. Obviously, these
problems must be thought through before you deal with even fundamental
items such as purchase price.

Finally, an understanding of the underlying technology is crucial when
dealing with IPR. You don't really have to know how an apartment
building is constructed in order to document its sale. Things are more
complicated with IPR. This does not necessarily mean that you need a
PhD. in genetics to transfer biotechnology. It does mean that if you are
dealing with, say, computer software, you should understand the
importance of source code versus object code, or the consequences of
re-coding the program in a different language, or how a compiler works,
to name just a few things. When involved in buying or selling IPR, you
must undertsand all issues implied. If you don't have the necessary
knowledge, don't hesitate to rely on external experts.

## THE AGREEMENT: [FORM OF ASSIGNMENT]{#Form_of_assignment}

We will now go into the actual mechanics of a deal, and the important
features of the sale agreement. We won't discuss much about the form of
assignment, or sale clause, itself. That part of the agreement is very
simple, and is much like that used for any other type of asset. An IPR
agreement differs in the level of warranties, representations and
searches that are needed, for the reasons discussed above.

One of the first questions will be whether this is a share or asset
purchase. Normal considerations apply here. Tax consequences will
undoubtedly have a bearing. As well, there is always the risk of
undisclosed liabilities when you purchase shares rather than assets. The
risks and benefits of each course of action should be familiar to anyone
with experience in ordinary commercial transactions.

The differences between assets or shares in IPR sales are more a matter
of detail than fundamentals. For instance, if you are hiving off one
segment of a corporate group that owns IPR, you should pay attention to
the chance of rights being terminated. This could apply in two contexts.
First, the rights might be dependent on an agreement with a third party
that prevents their transfer or \"spin-off\". Secondly, it might just be
an internal circumstance where additional rights that are needed to
exercise the sold property remain within the vendor's control. In both
situations, your due diligence investigations should recognize this and
provide for a solution.

Finally, the entire agreement, not just the assignment, should be
scrutinized by any lenders that may be participating in the deal. Most
of the major banks are now becoming more aware of intellectual property
issues, and are prepared to lend money on that type of security. They
still have specific needs, though, and your sale agreement should take
these into effect. It is tough enough to reach a deal between the vendor
and purchaser. If you have to substantially rewrite it simply because
your lender is not prepared to accede, you may put the entire deal in
jeopardy. The lenders should be apprised of the broad strokes of the
deal at a very early stage, and certainly before anything is signed.

**IDENTIFYING THE PARTIES**\
\
The agreement has to make the parties clearly identifiable, using :

-   The name of the person or organisation that requests the
    authorisation to use the work (recipient).

-   The name of the person or organisation that is the author or that
    has the rights to the work (author or beneficiary).

The main difficulty raised by this kind of agreement is that of checking
that the party which claims to be the author or beneficiary does in fact
hold the rights referred to in the contract.\
\
Indeed, during the \"lifetime\" of a work, several persons or
organisations can own it or represent the owners of the various rights
pertaining to it. For example, one company may be responsible for
marketing a work in France and another in Italy. It is advisable to make
sure that the author or the beneficiary concluding the contract can
actually assign the rights relating to the work which is the subject of
the contract.\
\
Caution is also necessary if several authors created the work. Each one
has rights to the work as a whole, and the agreement of all the authors
is required, unless the co-author or beneficiary has a mandate
(necessary in writing) from all the collaborators.

### DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY

This is fundamental to the operation of the agreement, and yet more
often than not it is put in without much thought. Perhaps there is a
communication gap between technical people and lawyers in terms of
explaining what is covered. Sometimes the vendor and purchaser have been
talking about the technology for so long that they just assume they are
both on the same page.

Even non-specialists know this is not always the case. Particularly
where the technology is an unregistered trade secret, there is ample
room for small or substantial differences in interpretation between the
parties. The doctrine of legal mistake can apply where hard assets are
involved but the principle is much harder to apply to vague concepts.

This is where an understanding of the technology involved can come in
handy. For example, if you are buying software, is it clearly spelled
out that the source code is included? If not, the property received may
be useless because it cannot be easily modified. Do not rely on
assumptions that property is included. If it is not specifically
mentioned, add it.

The problem is less acute for registered intellectual property rights
such as patents, since you can simply refer to the patent number itself.
Remember, however, that pure patent sales are rare. More often
improvements or changes have been made, and the purchaser wants access
to this know-how in addition to the patent. All of these other
enhancements should be discussed and added if applicable.

We prefer to use a term called \"Technology\" which is defined very
broadly so as to include all patents, copyrights, trade marks, trade
secrets and other forms that the property takes. Typically, the
definition also includes improvements or changes to the technology.
Unless otherwise specified, all of the warranties, conditions and terms
of the agreement will therefore apply to the total bundle of rights, not
just to a single patent, or a single copyright.

**A typical definition clause may read as follows. Note that the term
\"Technology\" builds on other defined terms:**

\"Technology means any technology owned by or licensed to the Company,
its Subsidiaries or Affiliates related to the Process \[PRODUCTS OR
BUSINESS\] including, without limitation, all Intellectual property
Rights and Technical Information.\"

\"Technical Information means all know-how and related technical
knowledge of the Company, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates relating to the
Process \[PRODUCTS OR BUSINESS\] including, without limitation:

\(a\) all trade secrets and other proprietary know-how, public
information, non-proprietary know-how and invention disclosures;

\(b\) any information of a scientific, technical or business nature
regardless of its form;

\(c\) all documented research, developmental, demonstration or
engineering work;

\(d\) all information that can be or is used to define a design or
process or procure, produce, support or operate material and equipment;

\(e\) methods of production; and

\(f\) all other drawings, blueprints, patterns, plans, flow charts,
equipment, parts lists, software and procedures, specifications,
formulas, designs, technical data, descriptions, related instructions,
manuals, records and procedures.\"

\"Intellectual Property Rights means all Patents, Trade Marks,
Copyrights, Industrial Designs, and other intellectual property rights
whether registered or not, owned by or licensed to the Company, its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates relating to the Process \[PRODUCTS OR
BUSINESS\].\"

The definitions for Patents, Trade Marks, etc all should similarly be
broadly drawn.

**STATEMENT OF REASONS**\
\
A short paragraph can be useful to define the context of the transfer of
rights agreement. It can also be expedient to indicate the reasons that
lead the recipient to ask for, and the author or the beneficiary to give
permission to use the work.\
\
For example, the recipient can describe how he intends to use the work:
on-line distribution, inclusion on a CD-ROM or another piece of work,
etc.\
\
Although optional, the statement of reasons is useful as it enables the
parties to include what each of them (owner and recipient of
information) expects from the agreement. In the event of a dispute, it
will enable a judge to understand their motives more easily.\
\
***For example : ***\
« The company \[\...\] (the recipient) intends to market the product
\[\...\] containing a work, the rights to which are held by Mr \[\...\]
(the author)\" or \"by the company \[\...\] (beneficiary). The marketing
of the product \[\...\] will involve the right of the recipient to
reproduce the work, to adapt it or to translate it.. »

**PURPOSE OF THE AGREEMENT**\
\
It is important to describe the purpose of the agreement, since this
determines the type of contract. Describing the purpose of the agreement
can prevent the contract from being reclassified as another type of
agreement, for example in the event of dispute.\
\
***For example : ***\
« The purpose of this agreement is to permit the recipient \[COMPANY\]
to practise the acts necessary to market \[PRODUCT\]» or « to put the
site \[ADDRESS\], containing \[WORK\], on-line. Authorisation will be
granted subject to remuneration, calculated according to the rules
defined in \[ARTICLE\] by the author ».

**IDENTIFYING THE WORK**\
\
It is imperative that the contract makes it possible to determine the
work or the works that are the subject of the authorisation with the
greatest precision.\
\
When this work bears a name, this has to be quoted, as well as that of
the author, possibly as well as the part concerned when this involves
only an extract from the work.\
\
It is advisable to accompany the contract with the work in question each
time it is possible to do so, for example by attaching a CD-ROM or any
other format containing the reproduction of the work concerned with the
authorisation.\
\
The more precise the given information, the lower the probability of
confusion or misunderstanding (even bad faith), and therefore any
consequent risks.\
\
***For example : ***\
« This agreement concerns the work entitled \[\...\], as reproduced in
attachment (CD-ROM or attachment on paper). The authorisation concerns
the whole of the work » or « the following parts or details \[\...\]. »

**CALCULATING THE REMUNERATION**\
\
The author can request payment in exchange for authorising the recipient
to exploit a work. In theory, this remuneration has to be proportional
to the profit that the recipient will make from using the work. It is
also possible, depending on a country\'s legislation, to pay the author
with a lump sum.\
\
In any event, that has to be mentioned in the contract:

-   If the author is remunerated \"proportionally\", the calculation
    rules and the methods of payment for the rights have to be clearly
    established and described in the contract (for example, payment of a
    fixed fee for each copy of the work which will be produced) ;

-   If the author is remunerated by a lump sum, the amount and the
    methods of payment have to be mentioned.

**DURATION OF THE CONTRACT**\
\
The duration of the authorisation has to be mentioned, expressed either
as an expiry date, as a period of time or as a term.\
\
Once the date, the period of time or the term has elapsed, the
authorisation will have to be regarded as revoked and the recipient will
have to cease any use of the work.\

### CONFIRMATION OF OWNERSHIP

If you don't often practice in the IP area, you will often fall into a
conservative shell and requires guarantees of title. This makes it very
difficult for the deal to proceed. Unlike land, there's no exhaustive
registry for IP.

What about the Patent Office, and the Trade Marks Office, and the
Copyright Office? All of these provide for registration, so why not just
search there? The short answer is that you do have to perform those
searches, but you still have to understand the limitations.

None of the various IP offices serve as guarantors of title and
validity. Trade marks are a good example. You can register a trade mark
and get the official looking Certificate with a fancy red seal, but
there are several ways to nullify that registration. For example, prior
unregistered users have up to 5 years to come forward and prove that
they used the mark first. If this is done, the registered trade mark can
be expunged from the record.

Patents are another example. We have heard figures estimating that
anywhere from 70% to 90% of registered patents are nullified once they
are challenged in court. The patent system is not intended or designed
to guarantee that you have obtained a patent that complies in all
respects with any Patent Act. All the registration means is that you
have traversed the required hoops and hurdles, and at least one examiner
believes that you have a patentable invention or process. It is always
open to a court to find that your patent is not novel, or that it
conflicts with an existing registration, or that it otherwise does not
comply with the Act.

This is one of the biggest misapprehensions that the general public (and
some lawyers) have about the intellectual property registries. Make sure
that you don't have unreasonable expectations about the quality of the
technology or its protection simply because it is registered. Just as
importantly, ensure that you understand the nature of the registries,
and what their limitations are.

#### DUE DILIGENCE

A natural tendency is to be far too conservative and suggest there is no
way to purchase the technology because it cannot be guaranteed. The
answer lies in what is called due diligence. A more straightforward
description is \"investigation\". In order to protect you, the
investigation must be as thorough as possible.

As its name implies, the detail required is only what is \"due\" given
the circumstances. You will not be held to the same standard for the
purchase of a \$1,000 software package as for a patent worth millions of
dollars. As well, you are free to constrain or expand the degree of
scrutiny in the investigation.

The key point is to make sure you understand the limitations of your
search. Documenting this understanding in writing is a very good idea.
Due diligence will not require you to become an expert in the field. For
major projects, you may have to employ engineers, scientists, or other
specialists who can opine on the strengths of the technology and the
business.

##### [DUE DILIGENCE PROCESS]{#Find_out_everything_about_business_produ}

1.  **Find out everything about business/product being acquired**

The starting point is usually the asset, whether it is a business that
primarily uses IPR, or the rights themselves. This is done first for two
reasons. First, you plainly need to gather information and this is the
logical place to start. Just as important, though, is that you need to
find out what questions to ask. It can be extremely daunting at the
outset of a due diligence search, especially when you do not have an
underlying knowledge of the technology. Only by looking at the product
or business itself can you decide what further investigation needs to be
done, and who to ask for information.

You should attend at the vendor's business, and if possible, set up an
office there so that you can properly examine the materials. Not only
does this save time in requesting and receiving the inevitable
\"additional documents\" that you will need, it also helps you get a
first-hand look at how the business operates. Often, you can tell more
from how the staff operates and treats confidential information than you
can from looking at all of the contracts in the world. If you see such
information being treated in a cavalier or careless manner, this should
at least trigger more detailed investigation on the point.

1.  **Searches**

We mentioned earlier that searches at the intellectual property registry
offices are no guarantee of ownership. Nonetheless, these queries still
have to be done to at least ensure the basic steps have been complied
with. This is another case where agents can be necessary. For example, a
patent agent may have to be retained in order to given an opinion on
proper registration.

You also must consider how far afield your searches should go. It can
become intimidating and expensive to start searching outside of Canada
and the United States because there are no international registries -
each country must be searched more or less individually (the European
Economic Community is a bit of an exception). As well, the different
rules in each country make it necessary to obtain local agents in many
cases.

1.  **Computers**

This is more important when you are acquiring an entire business instead
of one single product. Even where computer software is not involved, you
will want access to computer records. You can determine a lot about a
business simply by the software that is being used. You can also find
files that will need to be earmarked for destruction if and when the
sale goes through.

1.  **Find and examine contracts dealing with IP**

By this time, you should have an understanding of the technology in
general, and you will be starting to gear your efforts toward
determining potential problems. Some of the first items to obtain and
examine are copies of all contracts that involve the intellectual
property. A few of the things you will be looking for include:

1.  **Litigation**

You will normally conduct searches for writs, judgments and pending
actions, but other investigations could point out potential problems
with the rights themselves. Much of intellectual property litigation is
conducted in Federal Court, so that Registry should be searched. As
well, the Patent and Trade Mark Offices may have records of disputes or
oppositions.

1.  **Foreign Rights**

If there are significant foreign rights, it would be a good idea to talk
to a lawyer in the jurisdiction involved. As an example, many Latin
American states require that inventions be worked in that country for
patent rights to be renewed. There is no way that you can know these
rules without help. There are many other things to be done, but at the
end of the day (or month) you should have a good idea of what the
situation is, and what significant problem areas remain.

### WARRANTIES

The representations and warranties are one of the most important, and
the most scrutinized, portions of an IPR sale agreement. Their
importance is obvious for reasons that have already been discussed. For
instance, proving ownership, or preventing the vendor from continuing to
use the technology, often comes down to no more than a contractual
representation. While you should do everything possible to protect your
interests, you must be careful not to go beyond what is practically
possible.

The vendor will often want to restrict the warranties to matters within
its knowledge. While this is part of the negotiating phase, recognize
that there are different shades of \"best of knowledge\", each of which
has subtle but important effects on the quality of warranty given.
Consider the following examples which vary in their protection:

-   To the Vendor's knowledge, information and belief, there are no\...

-   To the best of the Vendor's knowledge, information and belief, after
    due inquiry, there are no\...

-   To the best of the Vendor's knowledge, information and belief, after
    due inquiry, but without searching outside its own records, there
    are no\...

No matter what form of representation you end up with, it should not be
seen as a substitute for due diligence (unless you and your client
specifically make that decision). A representation is, after all, only a
contractual remedy, and is subject to defences, judgment-proof parties,
and the like. We will talk about the major representations and
warranties that are used in IPR deals, but like other transactions,
there will be many other conditions included in the final agreement. As
in any legal area, proper research and preparation is needed to create a
robust contract.

**GUARANTEE**\
\
Before obtaining the authorisation to exploit a work, the recipient has
to identify the author or the beneficiaries. But in many cases, it is
essentially impossible to check whether the other party or parties
indeed hold the rights that are intended for transfer.\
\
The author of a work can, for example, entrust the use of a work to
different persons or organisations depending on the country or the way
in which it is used. In such cases, authorisation will have to be
obtained from several persons or organisations. It is therefore
particularly important for the recipient to be aware of the rights that
the other party is in a position to transfer.\
\
One way of obtaining this information is to contact authors\' societies,
which are generally instructed by authors to exploit their work. A list
of these organisations can be found in our \"National Pages\" section.\
\
Even with the above information, it is nevertheless in the recipient\'s
interest to insert a guarantee clause into the contract. This clause
would commit the author or beneficiaries to compensating the recipient
in the event of any proceedings brought by any third parties whose
rights to the work had been violated.

#### TITLE

The paragraph that often causes the most negotiation (or argument) is
based on title. As was discussed earlier, it is impossible for a
purchaser to guarantee that it is receiving perfect title, with no
encumbrances or potential claims. The purchaser must recognize this, but
on the other hand, one should not let the vendor escape without any
warranty as to title at all.

This can be handled in many different ways. It is rare for a
well-informed vendor to warrant that the intellectual property rights
are valid; there are simply too many uncertainties in litigation. This
is not fatal to the deal from a purchaser's perspective, but the buyer
will want something -- perhaps some indemnities in terms of infringement
litigation that may arise in the future.

**Here is a common, if brief, form of representation:**

\"The Vendor is the sole owner of all right, title and interest in the
Technology free of any security interest, charge or encumbrance.\"

**For comparison's sake, here is one that we would not agree to from the
vendor point of view:**

"The Vendor is the sole owner of the Technology, and there are no
claims, potential or existing, by any third party against the
Technology.\"

The most objectionable part is that there is no way of knowing if third
parties have a claim. As we have mentioned, it is impossible to foresee
this. A more subtle problem is in the looseness of the phrase \"sole
owner\". Does this include encumbrances?

#### RIGHT TO SELL

At the very least, the vendor should be warranting that it has the right
to sell the asset, and that there are no encumbrances. This could be
done as follows:

\"The Vendor has the sole right to assign the Technology and it has not
assigned the assets to any other person, nor are there any agreements,
transactions or arrangements of any kind that would restrict the
assignment of the Technology.\"

#### DELIVERY

The next warranty or representation you will want is that the vendor has
and will deliver all of the materials, documents, computer disks and
other items that make up the technology. This again is illustrative of
the unique nature of IPR. There are few other assets that can be sold in
their entirety to a purchaser while still theoretically enabling the
vendor to hold on to everything. Without this warranty, it is tantamount
to selling a store, and letting the vendor retain an identical copy to
continue in business across the street!

\"The Vendor warrants that all documents, computer records, disks and
other materials of any nature of kind containing the Technology or any
portion thereof have been \[WILL BE\] turned over to the Purchaser, and
that the Vendor will not retain the Technology, or any portion thereof,
in any form whatsoever after the closing of the within transaction
except as specifically permitted hereunder. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the term \"documents\" includes all information fixed in any
tangible medium of expression in whatever form or format, and copies
thereof.

It is very difficult to police whether all materials have been turned
over. We dare say computer files that should technically be deleted are
invariably left on the vendor's hard drives. This is not the main
concern, however. For most purposes, you simply want a contractual right
to go against the vendor if they should try to sell or benefit
themselves from the property that is now the purchaser's.

#### SALE OF GOODS

There is some controversy over whether the Sale of Goods Act applies to
sales of technology. Instead of spending countless hours researching the
point (and probably coming up with inconclusive results) you might want
to simply build the Sale of Goods Act implied warranties directly into
the agreement. The major ones should be familiar: that the vendor has
the right to sell, that the purchaser will have and enjoy quiet
possession, that the technology is or is not reasonably fit or suitable
for a particular purpose, and so on. Again, be careful of inserting
these without thought. A clause that warrants quiet possession can
conflict with the risk of infringement claims brought by third parties.

### INDEMNITIES

The issue of indemnities is closely related to warranties and
representations. In most cases, there will be a blanket indemnity for
breach or misrepresentation with respect to any warranty. This is one of
the areas where the risks can be more significant to the vendor. For
instance, the purchaser may ask for an indemnity against patent
infringement actions. A significant danger arises if the indemnity
forces the vendor into bringing patent infringement actions (or to pay
for any such actions brought by the purchaser). One fact should dissuade
a vendor from even hinting at such an indemnity: the average cost of a
patent infringement suit in the United States is estimated to be
\$500,000.00 to \$700,000.00. As a vendor, there is no way that you want
to be irrevocably committed to those amounts, and you should not even
entertain the possibility of indemnifying them without a clear escape
hatch.

### INTERNATIONAL DIFFERENCES

We have already mentioned the fact that due diligence investigations
need to recognize international issues. This is no less important when
dealing with the sale of the technology itself. In today's economy, it
is rare that you will find a sale that deals exclusively with a specific
country's rights and territory. Indeed, even matters in other
states/provinces might require specific legal advice from that
jurisdiction.

### ENCUMBRANCES

As mentioned previously, a purchaser will want a warranty that there are
no existing or threatened encumbrances against the IPR. This should be
seen as a fallback position only, since due diligence searches can
ferret out most of these beforehand. One of the common culprits is a
licence that has already been granted to another person. There are rules
at the IP registries that permit a purchaser to take free of
unregistered licences, so some sort of search should be high on your
list. Authorship claims can approach the level of an encumbrance. You
need to determine who actually developed the technology. You may have to
interview those persons to determine whether they have retained any
rights. Consider also obtaining releases where appropriate.

The author's identity is significant because of the way intellectual
property law has developed. While intellectual property rights have been
treated as \"property\" for the most part, there is still an element of
mystique around the creative process. The original author can sell the
products of his/her mind fairly freely but the common law and statutes
still permit the author, in certain cases, to \"reach through\" a sale
agreement to restrict or prevent particular activities. Moral rights
(discussed under the copyright rules below) are an example of this. In
effect, these rights act as an encumbrance on the rights of the owner to
fully and completely deal with the property that it holds.

It is also appropriate to discuss the matter of compulsory licenses in
this context. As you know, the monopolies that are granted by patent,
copyright and the like represent a balancing of interests. It is felt
that without these monopolies, inventors and creative persons will not
be inclined to produce works that benefit others. On the other hand,
there is a public interest in furthering the free flow of information to
benefit society as a whole. To alleviate the monopoly's stifling effect,
compulsory licenses have been used in some instances.

As its name implies, a compulsory license involves someone stepping in
(usually a government or quasi-government authority) and forcing the
owner to licence the technology on specific terms. For instance, if the
Commissioner of Patents is satisfied that a patented invention is not
being worked on a commercial scale three years after the issuance of the
patent, a licence may be imposed. Ordinarily the licence will be
non-exclusive, but the power exists to make it an exclusive licence.

This is significant for sales of technology because the purchaser will
want to know when there is a risk of a compulsory licence being granted.
In some cases, the purchaser has no intention of working the technology.
It may be trying to protect other technology that it already owns by
\"burying\" the new developments. You should be alerting your client to
the chances of a compulsory licence being imposed.

### NOTIFICATION TO REGISTRIES

Because the IP offices serve as notice registries, it is important to
amend filings as quickly as possible. It is not unheard of for vendors
to sell technology more than once, and only those who have properly
registered their purchase may prevail. Accordingly, your post-closing
checklist on behalf of the purchaser should ensure that this step is not
missed.

### IMPROVEMENTS

This is more of a licensing issue, but it can arise in pure sales. The
main thing to remember is that intellectual property rights are rarely
static. Even after patent registration, the inventors and others will be
working to improve the device or process. Thus, the description of
property sold should not just refer to the patent or copyright itself,
but also to improvements, trade secrets and general know-how emanating
from the invention.

In the last century, there was some dispute over whether a sale or
assignment of IPR could include future improvements. It has been argued
that a clause assigning improvements is contrary to public policy
because it would discourage inventions. Of course, there is little
incentive for a vendor to be working on improvements at all if it has
already assigned the benefits to another party.

### TERM OF WARRANTIES

The issues here are quite similar to those existing in ordinary asset
sales. As a rule, the purchaser will want warranties to extend
indefinitely, or at least as far into the future as possible. The vendor
will prefer a very short term of warranty, so that at some point it can
consider itself free of future liabilities.

Given the rapid rate of change inherent in intellectual property rights,
there is probably some basis for arguing that the warranty period should
be fairly brief. This is a bit of a problem with statutory intellectual
property protections in general. While computer programs can conceivably
be protected for well over a century (the life of the author plus 50
years), nobody realistically expects that there will be any value in
today's software that far down the road.

On the other hand, the uncertainty in an IPR deal puts more risk onto a
purchaser. The argument therefore goes that warranties should be beefed
up. While weagree that this puts more importance on the scope of
warranties, wedo not necessarily accept the term should be longer. The
end result is that these academic discussions do not much matter; the
question will be a matter of negotiation among the parties.

### RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

We mentioned earlier that a sale of IPR allows one to \"sell the store\"
but retain an identical copy. After scrutinizing countless contractual
details, it can be easy to lose sight of the purchaser's main goal: it
wants to take over the vendor's business or property without having to
compete with it later.

Unfortunately, the restriction on the vendor's future business may be
overlooked in the final agreement. This can easily be rectified with a
specific clause, but it does have to be kept in mind.

The restriction should also be suitably broad, not just related to
operating a business. For instance, your purchaser client would probably
not take kindly to the vendor applying for new patents for similar or
competing devices/processes, or assisting others in doing so.

## SPECIFIC DIFFERENCES

Until now, the discussion has centered on matters that apply to all
kinds of intellectual property rights. As other presentations make
clear, though, there are differences between these rights. These
variances need to be accounted for when drafting the sale agreement.

### PATENT

Patents now require an annual payment, called a maintenance fee. As part
of your search process, you will want to ensure that these fees are up
to date, or else you risk the chance of losing the patent altogether.

The next point has been mentioned before but is important enough to
repeat. Do not assume that a patent sale is just a sale of the patent.
While the registration of a patent may be the foundation upon which the
technology is based, there will usually be enhancements (called know-how
or show-how) that may not be reflected in the patent. Ensure that the
description of the property sold is broad enough to cover these
improvements.

As part of this, you may also want to find out if there are any pending
improvement applications. If so, have them included in the description
of the technology.

### COPYRIGHT

Copyright is one of the protections that does not require registration
at all -- it exists upon publication. For this reason, parties tend to
ignore it a bit. We suggest your review should not be so perfunctory for
a few reasons.

First, there are some rights granted in The Copyright Act that are
outside mere copyright. In particular, be

aware of moral rights. These rights deal with the protection of an
author's reputation. Apart from normal copyright, the author retains two
moral rights: the right to integrity of the work, and the right of
association or disassociation.

The first right protects the author's reputation. It would clearly be
possible to modify a computer program so severely that it became \"a
piece of garbage\". The Copyright Act grants a special status to authors
to prevent such drastic modifications, even though the copyrights
themselves may have been dealt away.

The second moral right also involves reputation. The author can require
his/her name to be associated with the work, or can require it to be not
used therewith. This latter aspect might be especially important if you
are dealing with a famous author and would like to trade on his/her
reputation. For instance, some authors have a strong reputation, and you
probably would want to take advantage of this popularity. Therefore, you
should be sure that you can use the name in advertising and such.

Moral rights rest with the author, and cannot be assigned or
transferred. They can, however, be waived. This brings up a couple of
points to watch out for. First, if you are purchasing copyright from
someone who is not the author, determine the status of the moral rights.
It may be that the vendor, or its predecessors in title, never bothered
to obtain a waiver. Even though you will be purchasing the copyright,
the author may thus still have some control over how that work is
presented or modified. The second point, of course, is that if you are
dealing directly with the author, obtain the waiver. There is no reason
that you as a purchaser will want to leave those rights with the author
(unless he/she is giving you a take it or leave it proposition).

The next thing to look out for is the remaining term of the copyright.
This is actually a problem with any rights that cannot be renewed
because you need to have enough term left to make the purchase
worthwhile. It seems to be extra important for copyright, however, since
not many people bother to check the rules for length of copyright.

You still should know what length of time you are dealing with, and
again it is important to know who the author is. This is because the
term can depend on the date of the author's death (usually copyright
exists thereafter for 50 years). Also, some jurisdictions allow
compulsory licenses to be granted during the latter years of the term.
The most obvious thing to mention here, but one that is often
overlooked, is not to assume that the vendor is the author. Only by
determining who the author is can you calculate the term.

#### [COMPUTER SOFTWARE]{#Computer_Software}

Computer software is a common copyright situation these days, but we
want to deal with it separately. This guide will not go into all the
nuances of computer software sales because it would quickly double its
length. We will make a special plea, however, to be familiar with the
industry. The culture is totally different from other businesses, and in
many cases the differences fly in the face of normal business practices.

Some of this is driven by the players involved. For many years, the
large hardware companies such as IBM treated their standard form
contracts as sacred. Even large buyers like General Motors could not get
individual clauses changed, so there was little hope for smaller
companies. A lawyer who wanted to do his/her client the most good with
the least cost would recognize this, and not bother to negotiate
contract details. Instead, the negotiations might concentrate on
flexible options like payment terms.

A more current example of this need to understand the industry is in the
product that software developers can supply. There is not one software
developer, from Microsoft down to Bill's Software, that can afford to
warrant its product as defect-free. Today's software is much too complex
to eliminate all bugs. As the purchaser, you have to recognize this and
not demand guarantees of perfection. This does not mean, however, that
you cannot include maintenance or upgrade protection clauses.

The other major factor to be aware of in computer software situations is
the difference between source code and object code. Computer programs
are typically written in what is called a high-level language. These
languages, such as C+, Pascal, or BASIC, use English-like commands to
speed the development cycle. The result of this writing process is
called the source code. In order to allow faster and more efficient
execution, the source code is then compiled. Compiling translates the
source code into something the computer can understand, called object
code. The important thing to remember is that object code is virtually
impossible to take apart and modify. Although it is theoretically
possible to reverse engineer the object code, it is beyond the technical
and financial capabilities of most users. The source code is needed to
accomplish the modifications.

In other words, purchasing object code without the source code is
equivalent to buying a car with the hood welded shut. You can still
operate the vehicle, but if you ever want to repair or upgrade it, you
are out of luck.

### TRADE SECRETS

Patents are the most famous class of intellectual property protection,
but trade secrets are the unsung heroes. Many people are surprised at
how many more trade secrets are bought and sold as compared to patents.

This arises for a few reasons. Patents have priced themselves out of the
reach of many, and besides, a lot of parties like the idea of keeping
ideas confidential (patents by their nature are disclosed to the world).
Further, it is rare to see just a patent sold, or just a copyright.
There are often improvements or know-how that has been developed
concurrently or subsequent to the registration itself. Even though this
is not protected by statute, it is still very valuable and something
that should obviously be part of the sale.

Trade secret lesson number one is to scrutinize your own internal
controls and keep them as secure as possible.

Respect this attitude, and make sure your office and systems evidence
the same spirit. Do not leave guides or other materials lying around so
that others can glimpse them. Instill within your staff and colleagues
the view that absolutely nothing is to be disclosed or even discussed
unless necessary to the client's affairs. Success or failure in the
world of intellectual property can turn on any piece of information, no
matter how small, and there is no room for mistakes on your part.

It is also worth checking whether the proper steps were taken when the
vendor and purchaser started talking. The vendor normally does not
release any information to the purchaser, even for negotiating purposes,
until a non-disclosure agreement is signed. By doing this, the seller is
protected in the event the negotiations break down. As the vendor, you
should review that agreement to make sure it is adequate. If for some
reason one was never signed, and it is not too late, sign a contract
before further information is disclosed.

Although there is not a federal Trade Secrets Act, remember that some
jurisdictions do have registration or compliance legislation dealing
with confidential information. Ensure that this is followed.

### TRADE MARKS

Trade marks are unique in that they can be renewed. Unlike a patent or
copyright, it is theoretically possible to maintain a trade mark
forever.

To accomplish this, a few things have to be done. First, you need
ongoing renewal. The term of a trade mark is 15 years, renewable for
further terms of like amount. Your searches should disclose whether
there are any problems here.

Secondly, remember that a trade mark derives its rights from use, not
registration. Not only do you need to ensure that registration is up to
date, you have to uncover and investigate whether the foundation is
stable. For most purposes, this means that the mark has been used
continuously, and continues to be used. As well, are there indications
of infringing uses that, if allowed to go on, might harm your trade
mark's exclusivity? All of these are part of the due diligence, and are
very important to keep the rights intact.

On occasion, you will not be dealing with a registered trade mark.
Unregistered, or common law, trade marks are also valid and can ground
actions for passing off, among others. The searches required for common
law marks are much more detailed and time consuming. There are several
companies that can conduct these investigations for you.
