**PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This Patent License Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[Date\]

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

A. The Licensor is the sole and exclusive owner of, and has the sole and
exclusive right to grant licenses under Letters Patent of \[COUNTRY\]
issued to it, specifically, \[NUMBER\], entitled "\[NAME\]" and
\[NUMBER\], entitled "\[NAME\]".

B. Without admitting the validity of the above-mentioned patents, but
solely for commercial purposes, the Licensee wishes to acquire the
exclusive right and license to manufacture, sell and use apparatus
embodying, employing and containing the invention patented in such
Letters Patent, throughout the \[COUNTRY\] and its territories.

In consideration of the matters described above, and of the mutual
benefits and obligations set forth in this agreement, the parties agree
as follows:

1.  **GRANT OF LICENSE**

The Licensor grants to the Licensee the exclusive right and license to
manufacture, sell and use apparatus embodying, employing and containing
the inventions patented in the above-mentioned Letters Patent,
throughout the \[COUNTRY\] and its territories, to the full end of the
term or terms for which such Letters Patent have been or may be granted,
and any reissue or reissues of such Letters Patent, unless this
agreement is terminated prior to such term or terms, as provided below.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS OF LICENSOR**

The Licensor represents and warrants that it is the sole and exclusive
owner of the entire right, title and interest in and to the
above-mentioned \[COUNTRY\] Letters Patent, and that it has the right to
grant the exclusive right, license and privilege granted in this
agreement; that it has executed no agreement in conflict with this
agreement; and that it has not granted to any other person, firm or
corporation any right, license, shop-right, or privilege granted under
this agreement.

1.  **SCHEDULE OF ROYALTIES**

The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor, commencing \[DATE\], and after
that date, during the continuance of this agreement, royalties on
apparatus embodying and containing the above-mentioned inventions, which
are manufactured, sold, and sued by the Licensee; and such royalties
shall be computed in the following manner: A sum based on a sliding
scale, decreasing in accordance with the increased volume of sales of
the Licensee, during any fiscal year, in accordance with the schedule
set forth as follows: \[SPECIFY\].

1.  **RATE OF ROYALTIES**

The Licensee shall have the right, option and privilege of selecting the
rate of royalty to be paid according to the schedule contained in
Article Three of this agreement, and for that purpose Licensee may for
three quarterly periods of any fiscal year pay royalties on the minimum
basis, and in the final quarter report upon the basis of the actual
number of apparatus sold during the year, and the royalty for the entire
year shall be computed on a basis of such reduced royalty, and
adjustment and payment made accordingly. For example, the Licensee may
for three quarterly periods report on the basis of sale of \[AMOUNT\] or
under, and payments of royalties shall be made at the rate of \[AMOUNT\]
cents per hundred; when reporting for the fourth quarterly period, if
the business done was much more extensive, Licensee may select a royalty
at a lesser rate to cover the actual amount of sales, and the royalty
payable for the entire year will be based upon such quantity. It is
agreed, however, that the minimum guaranteed yearly royalty of the
Licensor under this agreement, commencing \[DATE\], shall be \[AMOUNT\]
and that Licensor shall not in any one year, after \[DATE\], during the
continuance of this agreement, receive less than that sum; and the
Licensee shall not be chargeable with any sum in excess of \[AMOUNT\],
unless the statements rendered by it show royalties due to the Licensor
to be in excess of \[AMOUNT\], in which event the Licensee shall pay the
actual royalties due in the manner specified.

1.  **STATEMENT OF SALES**

The Licensee, within \[15\] days after the first day of \[JANUARY,
APRIL, JULY, AND OCTOBER, OR FIRST MONTHS OF QUARTERS\], in each year
during the continuance of this agreement, agrees to furnish to the
Licensor written statements, under oath, specifying the total number of
apparatus embodying and containing the above-mentioned inventions sold
by the Licensee during the preceding quarter, such statement to be
accompanied by check in payment of the royalty for the period covered.
The first statement shall be rendered not later than the \[15TH\] day of
\[MONTH, YEAR\], and shall cover the period from the date of this
agreement to \[DATE\].

1.  **INFRINGEMENT**

The Licensee shall have the sole and exclusive right to institute and
prosecute any and all suits to enjoin any and all infringers of the
above-mentioned Letters Patent; and from time to time during the
continuance of this agreement, and at its own expense, may institute any
suit or suits which it may deem necessary. The Licensee shall have the
sole right to institute and prosecute such suits, and to employ its own
counsel for such suits; and Licensee shall pay for all services rendered
by counsel so retained, and for all incidental costs and expenses.

1.  **JOINDER OF LICENSOR**

The Licensor agrees that the Licensee may join as party plaintiff if the
Licensee should find it necessary or desirable in any suit or suits
which the Licensee may institute involving the above-mentioned Letters
Patent, it being agreed that in such event the Licensor shall not be
chargeable for any costs or expenses by reason of being joined as party
plaintiff, but that the Licensee shall bear all such expenses.

1.  **COOPERATION OF LICENSOR**

The Licensor agrees to execute any and all papers, documents or other
instruments which may be found necessary or desirable to effect the
exclusive right and license granted to the Licensee; and also to execute
any and all papers which may be found necessary or desirable in any suit
or suits brought under and pursuant to this agreement; and the Licensor
further agrees that it will testify in any interference or litigation,
whenever requested to do so by the Licensee, all at the expense of the
Licensee.

1.  **INVALIDITY OF LETTERS PATENT**

If in any suit involving either of the Letters Patent, under and
pursuant to which the exclusive right and license has been granted,
charging infringement of such right and license, any of the Letters
Patent should be declared to be invalid by the Court, or be construed by
the Court as not to cover a defendant's apparatus, pertaining especially
to \[SPECIFY\], then the royalty agreed to be paid under this agreement
shall afterwards be waived, and the Licensee shall be immediately
released of and from any and all obligations under this agreement.

1.  **TERMINATION**

It is agreed that this agreement shall continue during the lives of the
above mentioned \[COUNTRY\] Letters Patent, but that the Licensee shall
have the right at any time, upon \[TWO\] years' notice in writing,
delivered to the Licensor by the Licensee, at its last known address
(and for that purpose mailing of notice under registered shall be deemed
sufficient), to terminate this agreement, and at the expiration of the
\[TWO\] years from the date of such delivery of such notice, this
agreement shall cease and terminate, for reasons stated in Article Nine
above, or if the patents have become of no value to the Licensee in view
of other patents or other improvements in the \[SPECIFY\] industry, and
become null and void; and any and all rights which the Licensee shall
have or possess under this agreement shall be by it relinquished and
surrendered to the Licensor; except that the Licensee shall have the
right to sell all apparatus already manufactured, embodying the
inventions, upon which royalties will be paid as provided for above.

1.  **BINDING EFFECT**

This agreement shall bind and apply to the successors and assigns of the
Licensor, and may inure to the benefit of, may be transferable to, and
be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Licensee.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement at
\[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] as of the date first above written.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
