**[PATENT]{.underline}[ ASSIGNMENT]{.underline}**

[This Patent Assignment (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\].]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[ASSIGNOR]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Assignor\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[ASSIGNEE]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Assignee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, Assignor, has invented a certain new and useful invention (the
\"Invention\") and Assignor holds a patent related thereto, both of
which are described in Exhibit A (the \"Patent\"); and]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, Assignee, wishes to acquire the entire rights, title, and
interest in the Invention and the Patent;]{.underline}

[NOW, the parties agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[ASSIGNMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Assignor does hereby irrevocably assign to Assignee all rights, title,
and interest (including but not limited to, the patent claims, all
rights to prepare derivative works, all goodwill and all other rights),
in and to the Patent and the Invention.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSIDERATION]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[In consideration for the assignment set forth in Section 1, Assignor
shall pay Assignee the sum of \[AMOUNT\], payable on
\[DATE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Assignor represents and warrants to Assignee:]{.underline}

[(a) Assignor has the right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement;]{.underline}

[(b) Assignor is the exclusive owner of all right, title and interest,
including all intellectual property rights, in the Invention and the
Patent;]{.underline}

[(c) The Invention and Patent are free of any liens, security interests,
encumbrances or licenses;]{.underline}

[(d) The Invention and Patent do not infringe the rights of any person
or entity;]{.underline}

[(e) There are no claims, pending or threatened, with respect to
Assignor\'s rights in the Invention and Patent;]{.underline}

[(f) This Agreement is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with
its terms; and]{.underline}

[(g) Assignor is not subject to any agreement, judgment or order
inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.]{.underline}

[(h) the Assignee can register and dispose of the copyright in the Work
in the Assignee\'s own name. ]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEY\'S FEES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Should either party hereto, or any heir, personal representative,
successor or assign of either party hereto, resort to litigation to
enforce this Agreement, the party prevailing in such litigation shall be
entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to recover
its or their reasonable attorneys\' fees and costs in such litigation
from the party against whom enforcement was sought. ]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement, contains the entire understanding and agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any
prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements, representations or
warranties between them respecting the subject matter hereof.
]{.underline}

1.  **[AMENDMENT]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by both parties.
]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable or
void, the remainder of this Agreement and such term, provision, covenant
or condition as applied to other persons, places and circumstances shall
remain in full force and effect. ]{.underline}

1.  **[AGREEMENT TO PERFORM NECESSARY ACTS]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Assignee agrees to perform any further acts and execute and deliver any
documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions
of this Agreement. ]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and all actions
arising hereunder shall be governed by, the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. ]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

ASSIGNOR ASSIGNEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

[Print Name and Title Print Name and Title]{.underline}**[
]{.underline}**

**[NOTARIZATION FORM]{.underline}**

State of \[STATE\]

County of \[COUNTY\]

On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME OF NOTARY\], notary, personally appeared
\[NAME OF PERSON(S) INVOLVED\], personally known to me (or proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s)
is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

Witness my hand and official seal.

Signature[ ]{.underline} Notary

[(]{.underline}*[Seal]{.underline}*[) ]{.underline}**[EXHIBIT
A]{.underline}**

**[The Invention]{.underline}**[: \[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

**[The Patent:]{.underline}**

**[Patent #:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}**

**[Country]{.underline}**\
**[of Patent:]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

**[Date of Patent:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**
