**[TRADE NAME LICENSE]{.underline}[ AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Trade Name License Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective
the \[DATE\]]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[LICENSOR]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[LICENSEE]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, Licensee acknowledges that Licensor is the owner of the name
"\[BRAND NAME\]" and any variation thereof (the "Name"); and
]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, Licensee is desirous of using the Name in connection with
\[DESCRIBE\].]{.underline}

[NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein
contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[GRANT OF LICENSE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensor hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby accepts the
right, privilege and nonexclusive license to use the Name solely in
connection with \[DESCRIBE\] (the "Business"). Licensee shall use the
Name at all times for the Business and no other purposes. Licensor
represents and warrants that, to the best of its knowledge, it owns the
rights to the Name.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The term of the license hereby granted shall be effective upon the date
of execution of this Agreement and shall continue for \[NUMBER\] years,
unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions
hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[LICENSE FEE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensee shall pay to Licensor, as a license fee for the use of the
Name, \[AMOUNT\], payable \[ON THE DATE HEREOF\] \[SET FORTH PAYMENT
DATE OR DATES\].]{.underline}

1.  **[NONEXCLUSIVITY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent Licensor from
granting any other licenses for the use of the Name or from utilizing
the Name in any manner whatsoever.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOOD WILL]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensee recognizes that there exists great value and good will
associated with the Name, and acknowledges that the Name and all rights
therein and good will pertaining thereto belong exclusively to Licensor,
and that the Name has a secondary meaning in the mind of the
public.]{.underline}

1.  **[LICENSOR]{.underline}[']{.underline}[S TITLE AND PROTECTION OF
    LICENSOR]{.underline}[']{.underline}[S RIGHTS]{.underline}**

    a.  [Licensee agrees that it will not during the term of this
        Agreement, or thereafter, attack the title or any rights of
        Licensor in and to the Name or attack the validity of the
        license granted herein.]{.underline}

    b.  [Licensee agrees to assist Licensor to the extent necessary in
        the procurement of any protection or to protect any of
        Licensor's right to the Name, and Licensor, if it so desires,
        may commence or prosecute any claims or suits in its own name or
        in the name of Licensee or join Licensee as a party thereto.
        Licensee shall notify Licensor in writing of any infringements
        or imitations by others of the Name which may come to Licensee's
        attention, and Licensor shall have the sole right to determine
        whether or not any action shall be taken on account of any such
        infringements or imitations. Licensee shall not institute any
        suit or take any action on account of any such infringements or
        imitation without first obtaining the written consent of the
        Licensor so to do.]{.underline}

    c.  [Licensee agrees to cooperate fully and in good faith with
        Licensor for the purpose of securing and preserving Licensor's
        rights in and to the Name, and Licensor shall reimburse Licensee
        its reasonable costs for such cooperation (unless Licensee is in
        breach of this Agreement). It is agreed that nothing contained
        in this Agreement shall be construed as an assignment or grant
        to the Licensee of any right, title or interest in or to the
        Name, it being understood that all rights relating thereto are
        reserved by Licensor, expect for the license hereunder to
        Licensee of the right to use and utilize the Name only as
        specifically and expressly provided in this Agreement. Licensee
        hereby agrees that at the termination or expiration of this
        Agreement, Licensee will be deemed to have assigned, transferred
        and conveyed to Licensor any trade rights, equities, good will,
        titles or other rights in and to the Name which may have been
        obtained by Licensee or which may have vested in Licensee in
        pursuance of any endeavors covered hereby, and that Licensee
        will execute any instruments requested by Licensor to accomplish
        or conform the foregoing. Any such assignment, transfer or
        conveyance shall be without other consideration than the mutual
        covenants and considerations of this Agreement.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[INSPECTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensor, or its nominee, shall have access to the Business during
normal business hours and to books and records of Licensee for the
purpose of ensuring compliance with this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[USE OF NAME]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensee shall have no right to affix the Name to any building, sign,
merchandise or other item without first obtaining Licensor's express
written consent, which consent shall be within the reasonable discretion
of Licensor.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERMINATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

    a.  [Licensee may not terminate this Agreement.]{.underline}

    b.  [The license rights granted hereunder may be terminated by
        Licensor upon immediate notice without the opportunity to cure
        should any of the following events occur:]{.underline}

        i.  [If Licensee shall: (A) admit in writing its inability to
            pay its debts generally as they become due; (B) file a
            petition in bankruptcy or a petition to take advantage of
            any insolvency act; (C) make an assignment for the benefit
            of its creditors; (D) consent to the appointment of a
            receiver of itself or of the whole or any substantial part
            of its property; (E) on a petition in bankruptcy filed
            against it, be adjudicated as bankrupt; (F) file a petition
            or answer seeking reorganization or arrangement under the
            bankruptcy laws or any other applicable law or statute; (G)
            become subject to a final order, judgment or decree entered
            by a court of competent jurisdiction appointing, without the
            consent of Licensee, a receiver of Licensee or of the whole
            or any substantial part of its property or approving a
            petition filed against Licensee seeking reorganization or
            arrangement of Licensee under the bankruptcy laws or any
            other applicable law or statute; or ]{.underline}

        ii. [Licensee shall fail or refuse to perform any other
            obligation created by this Agreement of Licensee breaches
            any term or condition of this Agreement or any other
            agreement between Licensee and Licensor or its affiliates;
            or]{.underline}

        iii. [Licensee has made any misrepresentations relating to the
             acquisition of the license granted herein, or Licensee or
             any of Licensee's shareholders, officers, directors, or
             managing personnel engages in conduct which reflects
             unfavorable on the Name or upon the operation and
             reputation of the Licensor's business; or]{.underline}

        iv. [Licensee or any of Licensee's shareholders, officers,
            directors, or managing personnel is convicted of a felony or
            any other criminal misconduct which is relevant to the
            operation of the business of Licensee.]{.underline}

[In the event of termination of this License for any reason, Licensee
shall immediately cease all use of the Name and shall not thereafter use
any name, mark or trade name similar thereto. Termination of the license
under the provisions of this Section 9 shall be without prejudice to any
rights which Licensor may otherwise have against Licensee.]{.underline}

1.  **[COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS]{.underline}**

[Licensee shall, and shall cause its shareholders, officers, directors,
and managing personnel to, comply with all laws, rules and government
regulations pertaining to its business and shall not violate any laws
which would create an adverse effect on the Name.]{.underline}

1.  **[RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensee shall not in any manner or respect be the legal representative
or agent of Licensor and shall not enter into or create any contracts,
agreements, or obligations on the part of Licensor, either expressed or
implied, nor bind Licensor in any manner or respect whatsoever; it being
understood that this Agreement is only a contract for the license of the
Name.]{.underline}

1.  **[NAME OWNERSHIP]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensee agrees that the Name is the sole property of Licensor and that
Licensee has no interest whatsoever in such Name, and Licensee shall use
the Name only for so long as the license granted hereby remains in full
force and effect. Licensee shall not take any actions, or aid or assist
any other party to take any actions, that would infringe upon, harm or
contest the proprietary rights of Licensor in and to the
Name.]{.underline}

1.  **[OTHER LICENSEES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Licensee agrees not to interfere in any manner with , or attempt to
prohibit the use of the Name by, any other Licensee duly licensed by
Licensor. Licensee further agrees to execute any and all documents and
assurances reasonably requested by Licensor to effectuate the licensing
of the Name to any other party and agrees to cooperate fully with
Licensor or any other Licensees of Licensor to protect Licensor's lawful
authority to use the Name.]{.underline}

1.  **[INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

    a.  [Licensee agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless
        Licensor, its officers, affiliates, directors, agents, and
        employees from and against any and all property damage, personal
        injuries or death and other liability, loss, cost, expense, or
        damage, including, without limitation, court costs and
        reasonable attorney's fees arising out of operations of the
        Business and from Licensee's breach of any of the terms
        contained herein.]{.underline}

    b.  [Licensee agrees that it will obtain, at its own expense,
        liability insurance from a recognized insurance company which is
        qualified to do business in the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\],
        providing protection which is standard in the industry for
        businesses similar to the Business for the benefit of Licensor
        and its affiliates and their officers, directors, agents, and
        employees (as well for Licensee) against any claims, suits, loss
        or damage arising out of or in connection with the Business. As
        proof of such insurance, a fully paid certificate of insurance
        naming Licensor as an insured party will be submitted to
        Licensor by Licensee for Licensor's approval within thirty (30)
        days after the date of execution of this Agreement. Any proposed
        change in certificates of insurance shall be submitted to
        Licensor for its prior approval.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[NOTICES ]{.underline}**

[All notices and statements and all payments to be made hereunder, shall
be given or made at the respective addresses of the parties as set forth
below such party's name unless notification of a change of address is
given in writing, and the date of mailing shall be deemed the date the
notice or statement is given.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO JOINT VENTURE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Nothing herein contained shall be construed to place the parties in the
relationship of partners or joint venturers or of
franshisor/franschisee.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLICENSE BY LICENSEE]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement and all rights an duties hereunder are personal to
Licensee and Licensee shall not, without the written consent of
Licensor, which consent shall be granted or denied in the sole and
absolute discretion of Licensor, be assigned, mortgaged, sublicensed or
otherwise encumbered by Licensee or by operation of law. ]{.underline}

1.  **[NO WAIVER, ETC.]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may not be waived or modified except by an express
agreement in writing signed by both parties. There are no
representations, promises, warranties, covenants or undertakings other
than those contained in this Agreement with respect to its subject
matter, which represents the entire understanding of the parties. The
failure of either party hereto to enforce, or the delay by either party
in enforcing, any of its rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed
a continuing waiver or a modification thereof and either party may,
within the time provided by applicable law, commence appropriate legal
proceedings to enforce any or all of such rights.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Whenever possible each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted
in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but
if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited, void, invalid,
or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition, invalidity, voidability,
or enforceability without invalidating the remainder of such provision
or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[SURVIVAL ]{.underline}**

[All obligations of the Licensee shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEYS]{.underline}[']{.underline}[ FEES]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[Should any litigation be commenced between the parties to this
Agreement concerning this Agreement, or the rights and duties of either
in relation thereto, the party prevailing in such litigation shall be
entitled, in addition to such relief as may be granted, to its
attorneys' fees and costs in the litigation.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.]{.underline}

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

[Print Name and Title Print Name and Title]{.underline}
