**AUTHORIZATION, WAIVER AND RELEASE OF LIABILITY**

**FOR CONSUMER CREDIT REPORT**

In applying for employment with \[COMPANY NAME\] ("Company"), I hereby
authorize the Company, or any designated agent(s) working in the
Company's behalf to obtain and review my consumer credit report and or
any other credit related information pertaining to me.

It is my understanding the information being obtained will not be used
in violation of any federal or state equal opportunity law or
regulation, and that, before any adverse action is taken, based on upon
review of such consumer credit report, I will be provided with a copy of
said report as well as a summary of consumer's rights.

I hereby fully release the Company, and any and all of its employees,
directors, agents, successors and assigns, and all contributing parties
or sources from whom any information is lawfully obtained, from any and
all claims or liability which is in any way related to this or any
subsequent investigation(s) of my credit history.

I hereby state that all information I have provided to the Company, in
any form, is true to the best of my knowledge. I understand that any
known misrepresentation made to the Company by me will exclude me from
further consideration as a candidate for employment or advancement, and
may result in termination of my employment with the Company if I am
hired or advanced by the Company before such misrepresentation is
identified. I fully understand this authorization, waiver and release of
liability is not an offer or a contract for employment by the Company.
It is also understood that the Company operates under an AT-WILL
EMPLOYMENT POLICY and this authorization and release does not alter or
affect this policy in any manner.

I would like to receive a free copy of any consumer credit report
relating to me that is reviewed by the Company.

Yes No

EMPLOYEE COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
