**[BACKGROUND CHECK PERMISSION]{.underline}**

[This Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective this
\[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[EMPLOYEE]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Employee\"), an individual with his main
address at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[COMPANY]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

[In connection with my application for employment with the Company, I
hereby agree as follows:]{.underline}

1.  **[GENERAL CONSENT TO BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION ]{.underline}**

[As a condition of Company\'s consideration of my employment
application, I give permission to Company to investigate my personal and
employment history. I understand that this background investigation will
include, but not be limited to, verification of all information on my
employment application.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSENT TO CONTACT PAST EMPLOYERS ]{.underline}**

[I specifically give permission to Company to contact all of my prior
employers for references. I further give permission to all current or
previous employers and/or managers or supervisors to discuss my relevant
personal and employment history with Company, consent to the release of
such information orally or in writing, and hereby release them from all
liability and agree not to sue them for defamation or other claims based
upon any statements they make to any representative of Company. I
further waive all rights I may have under law to receive a copy of any
written statement provided by any of my former employers to Company. I
further agree to indemnify all past employers for any liability they may
incur because of their reliance upon this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSENT TO CONTACT GOVERNMENT AGENCIES]{.underline}**

[I further give permission to the Company to receive a copy of any
information obtained in the file of any federal, state, or local court,
or governmental agency concerning or relating to me. I further consent
to the release of such information and waive any right under law
concerning notification of the request for a release of such
information. In the event a law does not provide for prospective
employers to have access to information, I hereby delegate Company as my
agent for the receipt of information. I understand that the scope of
this investigation will be limited as required by applicable
law.]{.underline}

1.  **[COOPERATION WITH INVESTIGATION]{.underline}**

[I agree to fully cooperate in Company\'s background investigation, and
to sign any waivers or releases that may be necessary or desirable to
obtain access to relevant information. In the event that any former
employer or federal, state, or local governmental agency will not
release reference information or criminal history information directly
to the employer, I agree to personally request such information to the
extent permitted by law.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement represents the entire understanding and agreement
relating to its subject matter. Company shall be entitled fully to rely
on this Agreement. I understand that I have no guarantee of employment
and that the Company may determine not to hire me for any lawful
reason.]{.underline}

[COMPANY EMPLOYEE]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
