**EMPLOYEE NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT**

This Employee Non-Compete Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[EMPLOYEE NAME\]** (the \"Employee\"), an individual with
his main address at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

1.  **COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE**

For good consideration and as an inducement for Company to employ
Employee, if such employment is terminated for any cause, employee shall
not, for a period of \[TIME PERIOD\] years after leaving the employment,
engage directly or indirectly, either personally or as an employee,
associate partner, partner, manager, agent, or otherwise, or by means of
any corporate or other device, in the \[TYPE OF ENTERPRISE\] business
within \[GEOGRAPHICAL AREA\] \[if appropriate, add: nor shall employee
for such period and in such localities solicit orders, directly or
indirectly, from any customers of Company, or from any customers of its
successor, for such products as are sold by Company or its successor,
either for (himself or herself) or as an employee of any person, firm,
or corporation\].

1.  **DEFINITION OF THE TERMS**

The term \"not compete\" as used herein shall mean that the Employee
shall not own, manage, operate, consult or to be employed in a business
substantially similar to, or competitive with, the present business of
the Company or such other business activity in which the Company may
substantially engage during the term of employment.

Competition means owning or working for a business of the following
type: \[SPECIFY TYPE OF BUSINESS EMPLOYEE MAY NOT ENGAGE IN\].

1.  **TRADE SECRETS**

The Employee acknowledges that the Company shall or may in reliance of
this agreement provide Employee access to trade secrets, customers and
other confidential data and good will. Employee agrees to retain said
information as confidential and not to use said information on his or
her won behalf or disclose same to any third party.

The Employee will take necessary actions to keep the Company\'s business
secrets, including but not limited to customer, supplier, logistical,
financial, research and development information, confidential and not to
disclose the Company\'s business secrets to any third party during and
after the term of the Employee\'s employment.

1.  **SPECIFIC ACCOUNT NON-COMPETITION CLAUSE**

On the termination of the Employee\'s employment with the Company for
any reason, the Employee will not solicit any customer of the Company
that was a customer of the Company during the course of the Employee\'s
employment with the Company, whether or not still a customer of the
Company and whether or not knowledge of the customer is considered
confidential information, or in any way aid and assist any other person
to solicit any such customer for a period of \[TIME PERIOD\] from the
date of termination of the Employee\'s employment.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Employee agrees to pay liquidated damages in the amount of \[DOLLAR
AMOUNT\] for any violation of the covenant not to compete contained in
this Agreement.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

If any part of these promises is void for any reason, the undersigned
accepts that it may be severed without affecting the validity or
enforceability of the balance of the promises.

This non-compete agreement shall extend only for \[GEOGRAPHICAL AREA\]
and shall be in full force and effect for \[NUMBER\] years, commencing
with the date of employment termination.

This agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties, their successors, assigns, and personal representatives.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

COMPANY EMPLOYEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
