**EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT**

**FOR AN EXECUTIVE**

[This Employment Agreement for an Executive (the \"Agreement\") is made
and effective this \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[E]{.underline}[XECUTIVE]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Executive\"), an individual with his main
address at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[COMPANY]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company\"), an entity organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[In consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and
the moneys to be paid hereunder, the Company hereby employs the
Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to perform services as an
Executive of the Company, upon the following terms and
conditions:]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM]{.underline}**

[The Company hereby employs Executive to serve as \[position\] and to
serve in such additional or different position or positions as the
Company may determine in its sole discretion. The term of employment
shall be for a period of \[NUMBER\] years ("Employment Period") to
commence on \[DATE\], unless earlier terminated as set forth
herein.]{.underline}

[The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first set forth
above, and it shall continue in effect until the earlier
of:]{.underline}

A.  [The effective date of any subsequent employment agreement between
    the Company and the Executive;]{.underline}

B.  [The effective date of any termination of employment as provided
    elsewhere herein; or]{.underline}

C.  [\[NUMBER\] year(s) from the effective date hereof, provided, that
    this Employment Agreement shall automatically renew for successive
    periods of \[NUMBER\] years each unless either party gives written
    notice to other that it does not wish to automatically renew this
    Agreement, which written notice must be received by the other party
    no less than \[NUMBER\] days and no more than \[NUMBER\] days prior
    to the expiration of the applicable term.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES]{.underline}**

[Executive will be reporting to \[IDENTIFY\]. Within the limitations
established by the By-laws of the Company, the Executive shall have each
and all of the duties and responsibilities of that position and such
other or different duties on behalf of the Company, as may be assigned
from time to time by \[IDENTIFY WHAT PERSON OR BODY MAY ASSIGN
ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES\].]{.underline}

1.  **[LOCATION]{.underline}**

[The initial principal location at which Executive shall perform
services for the Company shall be \[LOCATION\].]{.underline}

1.  **[ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT ]{.underline}**

[Executive accepts employment with the Company upon the terms set forth
above and agrees to devote all Executive's time, energy and ability to
the interests of the Company, and to perform Executive's duties in an
efficient, trustworthy and business-like manner.]{.underline}

1.  **[DEVOTION OF TIME TO EMPLOYMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Executive shall devote the Executive\'s best efforts and
substantially all of the Executive\'s working time to performing the
duties on behalf of the Company. The Executive shall provide services
during the normal business hours of the Company as determined by the
Company. Reasonable amounts of time may be allotted to personal or
outside business, charitable and professional activities and shall not
constitute a violation of this Agreement provided such activities do not
materially interfere with the services required to be rendered
hereunder.]{.underline}

1.  **[QUALIFICATIONS]{.underline}**

[The Executive shall, as a condition of this Agreement, satisfy all of
the qualification that are reasonably ]{.underline}

[and in good faith established by the Board of Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **[C]{.underline}[OMPENSATION]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Base Salary]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive shall be paid a base salary ("Base Salary") at the annual
rate of \[SALARY\], payable in bi-weekly installments consistent with
Company's payroll practices. The annual Base Salary shall be reviewed on
or before \[DATE\] of each year, unless Executive's employment hereunder
shall have been terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement, starting
on \[agreed upon date\] by the Board of Directors of the Company to
determine if such Base Salary should be increased for the following year
in recognition of services to the Company. In consideration of the
services under this Agreement, Executive shall be paid the aggregate of
basic compensation, bonus and benefits as hereinafter set
forth.]{.underline}

1.  **[Payment]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Payment of all compensation to Executive hereunder shall be made in
accordance with the relevant Company policies in effect from time to
time, including normal payroll practices.]{.underline}

1.  **[Bonus]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[From time to time, the Company may pay to Executive a bonus out of net
revenues of the Company.]{.underline}

[Payment of any bonus compensation shall be at the sole discretion of
the Board of Directors or ]{.underline}

[the Executive committee of the Board of Directors and the Executive
shall have no entitlement to]{.underline}

[such amount absent a decision by the Company as aforesaid to make such
bonus compensation.]{.underline}

[Executive shall also be entitled to a bonus determined as follows:
]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

1.  **[Benefits]{.underline}**

[The Company shall provide Executive with such benefits as are provided
to other senior]{.underline}

[management Of the Company. Benefits shall include at a minimum (i) paid
vacation of \[NUMBER\] ]{.underline}

[days per year, at such times as approved by the Board of Directors,
(ii) health insurance coverage ]{.underline}

[under the same terms as offered to other Executives of the Company,
(iii) retirement and profit ]{.underline}

[sharing programs as offered to other Executives of the Company, (iv)
paid holidays as per the ]{.underline}

[Company's policies, and (v) such other benefits and perquisites as are
approved by the Board of ]{.underline}

[Directors. The Company has the right to modify conditions of
participation, terminate any benefit, or ]{.underline}

[change insurance plans and other providers of such benefits in its sole
discretion. The Executive ]{.underline}

[shall be reimbursed for out of pocket expenses that are pre-approved by
the Company, subject to the ]{.underline}

[Company's policies and procedures therefore, and only for such items
that are a necessary and ]{.underline}

[integral part of the Executive's job functions.]{.underline}

1.  **[Non]{.underline}[â€‘]{.underline}[Deductible Compensation
    ]{.underline}**

[In the event a deduction shall be disallowed by the Internal Revenue
Service or a court of competent ]{.underline}

[jurisdiction for federal income tax purposes for all or any part of the
payment made to Executive by the Company or any other shareholder or
Executive of the Company, shall be required by the Internal Revenue
Service to pay a deficiency on account of such disallowance, then
Executive shall repay to the Company or such other individual required
to make such payment, an amount equal to the tax imposed on the
disallowed portion of such payment, plus any and all interest and
penalties paid with respect thereto. The Company or other party required
to make payment shall not be required to defend any proposed
disallowance or other action by the Internal Revenue Service or any
other state, federal, or local taxing authorities.]{.underline}

1.  **[Withholding]{.underline}**

[All sums payable to Executive under this Agreement will be reduced by
all federal, state, local, and other withholdings and similar taxes and
payments required by applicable law.]{.underline}

1.  **[O]{.underline}[THER EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Business Expenses]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Upon submission of itemized expense statements in the manner specified
by the Company, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for
reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses duly incurred
by Executive in the performance of his duties under this
Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[Benefit Plans]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company's medical and
dental plans, life and disability insurance plans and retirement plans
pursuant to their terms and conditions. Executive shall be entitled to
participate in any other benefit plan offered by the Company to its
Executives during the term of this Agreement (other than stock option or
stock incentive plans, which are governed by Section 3(d) below).
Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company or any affiliate of
the Company from terminating or amending any Executive benefit plan or
program from time to time.]{.underline}

1.  **[Vacation]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive shall be entitled to \[agreed upon number of time\] weeks of
vacation each year of full employment, exclusive of legal holidays, as
long as the scheduling of Executive's vacation does not interfere with
the Company's normal business operations.]{.underline}

1.  **[Stock Options]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive shall be entitled to options to acquire shares of the Common
Stock of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Company's existing
Stock Option Plan dated \[DATE\], subject to the following
terms:]{.underline}

[The options will vest only as follows:]{.underline}

[ ]{.underline}**[Event]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[
]{.underline}**[Vesting Amount]{.underline}**

[ If Executive is still an Options to acquire \[NUMBER\]]{.underline}

[ Executive of the Company on shares of Common Stock]{.underline}

[ \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[ If Executive is still an Options to acquire \[NUMBER\]]{.underline}

[ Executive of the Company on shares of Common Stock]{.underline}

[ \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[ If Executive is still an Options to acquire \[NUMBER\]]{.underline}

[ Executive of the Company shares of Common Stock]{.underline}

[ on \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[ If Executive is still an Options to acquire \[NUMBER\]]{.underline}

[ Executive of the Company shares of Common Stock]{.underline}

[ on \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[ If Executive is still an Options to acquire \[NUMBER\]]{.underline}

[ Executive of the Company shares of Common Stock]{.underline}

[ on \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[The exercise price for the options shall be at \[PRICE\] per share, as
appropriately adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, and the
like.]{.underline}

[The vested options shall be exercisable until the earlier of \[NUMBER\]
years after vesting or \[NUMBER\] days after termination of Executive's
employment with the Company. No additional vesting of options shall
occur after Executive's death, disability, or cessation of employment
with the Company for any reason or no reason.]{.underline}

[Issuance of the options shall be in accordance with all applicable
securities laws and the other terms and conditions of the Company's
Stock Option Plan and form of the Stock Option Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[PROFESSIONAL FEES]{.underline}**

[The Company shall have exclusive authority to determine the fees, or a
procedure for establishing the fees, to be charged by the Company. All
sums paid to the Executive or the Company in the way of fees or
otherwise for services of the Executive, shall, except as otherwise
specifically agreed by the Company, be and remain the property of the
Company and shall be included in the Company\'s name in such checking
account or accounts as the Company may from time to time
designate.]{.underline}

[The Company shall have the authority to determine who will be accepted
as clients of the Company, and the Executive recognizes that such
clients accepted are clients of the Company and not the Executive. The
Company shall have the authority to designate, or to establish a
procedure for designating which professional Executive of the Company
will handle each such client. All client records and files of any type
concerning clients of the Company shall belong to and remain the
property of the Company, notwithstanding the subsequent termination of
this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[POLICIES AND PROCEDURES]{.underline}**

[The Company shall have the authority to establish from time to time the
policies and procedures to be followed by the Executive in performing
services for the Company. Executive shall abide by the provisions of any
contract entered into by the Company under which the Executive provides
services. Executive shall comply with the terms and conditions of any
and all contracts entered by the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT]{.underline}**

**[12.1 ]{.underline}[For Cause]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may
terminate Executive's employment hereunder for cause for any one of the
following reasons: 1)Â conviction of a felony, any act involving moral
turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed, 2)Â commission
of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any
employment or Company records, 3)Â improper disclosure of the Company's
confidential or proprietary information, 4)Â any action by the Executive
which has a detrimental effect on the Company's reputation or business,
5)Â Executive's failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned
duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable
opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, 6)Â any breach of this
Agreement, which breach is not cured within \[NUMBER\] days following
written notice of such breach, 7)Â a course of conduct amounting to gross
incompetence, 8)Â chronic and unexcused absenteeism, 9)Â unlawful
appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or 10)Â misconduct in
connection with the performance of any of Executive's duties, including,
without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the
Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in
connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company,
misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations
on Company premises or to which the Company is subject. Upon termination
of Executive's employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall
be under no further obligation to Executive, except to pay all accrued
but unpaid base salary and accrued vacation to the date of termination
thereof.]{.underline}

**[12.2 ]{.underline}[Without Cause]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company may terminate Executive's employment hereunder at any time
without cause, provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to
severance pay in the amount of \[NUMBER\] weeks of Base Salary in
addition to accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued vacation, less
deductions required by law, but if, and only if, Executive executes a
valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that the Executive
may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and
Executive executes such form within \[NUMBER\] days of
tender.]{.underline}

**[12.3 ]{.underline}[Resignation ]{.underline}**

[Upon termination of employment, Executive shall be deemed to have
resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company if \[HE\]\[SHE\] is
a director.]{.underline}

**[12.4 ]{.underline}[Cooperation]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[After notice of termination, Executive shall cooperate with the
Company, as reasonably requested by the Company, to effect a transition
of Executive's responsibilities and to ensure that the Company is aware
of all matters being handled by Executive.]{.underline}

**[12.5 ]{.underline}[Compensation After Notice of Termination
]{.underline}**

[After notice of termination has been given by either Company or
Executive, as provided in this Article, Executive shall be entitled to
receive the compensation provided for in this Agreement until the notice
period has expired. It is understood that after the written notice is
given by either Company or Executive, Executive shall continue to devote
substantially all of the Executive\'s time to the Executive\'s normal
services for the Company during the notice period, with sufficient time
allowed, in the sole discretion of the Company, for Executive to seek
new employment.]{.underline}

1.  **[DISABILITY OF EXECUTIVE]{.underline}**

[The Company may terminate this Agreement without liability if Executive
shall be permanently prevented from properly performing his essential
duties hereunder with reasonable accommodation by reason of illness or
other physical or mental incapacity for a period of more than \[NUMBER\]
consecutive days. Upon such termination, Executive shall be entitled to
all accrued but unpaid Base Salary and vacation.]{.underline}

**[13.1 ]{.underline}[Definitions ]{.underline}**

[For purposes of this Agreement, whenever used in this Article
14:]{.underline}

**[\"]{.underline}[T]{.underline}[otal disability\"]{.underline}**[
shall mean that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, whether
it be due to sickness, accident, age or other infirmity, to engage in
any aspect of the Executive\'s normal duties as set forth in this
Agreement.]{.underline}

**[\"]{.underline}[P]{.underline}[artial disability\"]{.underline}**[
shall mean that the Executive is able to perform, to some extent, on
behalf of the Company, the particular services in which the Company
specializes, and which the Executive previously performed for the
Company, but that the Executive is unable, mentally or physically, to
devote the same amount of time to such services as was devoted prior to
the occurrence of such sickness or accident.]{.underline}

**[\"]{.underline}[N]{.underline}[ormal monthly salary\"]{.underline}**[
shall mean the salary which the Executive is being paid by the Company
per month as of the commencement date of the period of disability, as
specified hereinabove or as determined by the Board of Directors
pursuant to the terms hereof.]{.underline}

**[13.2 ]{.underline}[Total Disability ]{.underline}**

[During a single period of total disability of the Executive, the
Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company, the
Executive\'s normal monthly salary for the shorter of first three (3)
months of disability or until any disability insurance policy available
through the Executive's employment begins to pay benefits. If the single
period of disability should continue beyond three (3) months, the
Executive shall receive only such amount as the Executive shall be
entitled to receive under disability insurance coverage on the
Executive, if any. ]{.underline}

**[13.3 ]{.underline}[Partial Disability]{.underline}**

[During a period of partial disability of the Executive, the Executive
shall receive an amount of compensation computed as
follows:]{.underline}

[That portion of the Executive\'s normal monthly basic compensation
which bears the same ratio to the Executive\'s normal monthly basic
compensation as the amount of time which the Executive is able to devote
to the usual performance of services on behalf of the Company during
such period bears to the total time the Executive devoted to performing
such services prior to the commencement date of the single period of
disability, and]{.underline}

[Such amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Executive's basic
compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
percentage of normal services that the Executive is able to perform and
the denominator which shall be the total services that the Executive is
able to perform absent the partial disability.]{.underline}

**[13.4 ]{.underline}[Combination o]{.underline}[f Total and Partial
Disability]{.underline}**

[If a single period of disability of the Executive consists of a
combination of total disability and partial disability, the maximum
total disability compensation to which the Executive shall be entitled
from the Company under this disability provision shall not exceed an
amount equal to one (1) times the Executive\'s normal monthly basic
compensation.]{.underline}

**[13.5 ]{.underline}[Broken Periods of Disability]{.underline}**

[A period of disability may be continuous or broken. If broken into
partial periods of disability which are separated by intervening periods
of work, there shall be aggregated together all of such successive
partial periods of disability except any period prior to the time when
any single period of work extends for \[NUMBER\] months or longer; and
such aggregated periods of disability shall be treated as a single
period in determining the amount of disability compensation to which an
Executive shall be entitled under any provision of this
Section.]{.underline}

**[13.6 ]{.underline}[Termination Due to Disability]{.underline}**

[If and when the period of total or partial disability of the Executive
totals \[NUMBER\] months, the Executive\'s employment with the Company
shall automatically terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
disabled Executive and the Company agree, the disabled Executive may
thereafter be employed by the Company upon such terms as may be mutually
agreeable. ]{.underline}

**[13.7 ]{.underline}[C]{.underline}[ommencement Date of
Disability]{.underline}**

[The commencement date of a period of disability, whether it be a
continuous period or the aggregate of successive partial periods, shall
be the first day on which the Executive is disabled.]{.underline}

**[13.8 ]{.underline}[Dispute Reg]{.underline}[arding Existence of
Disability]{.underline}**

[Any dispute regarding the existence, extent or continuance of the
disability shall be resolved by the determination of a majority of three
(3) competent physicians, one (1) of whom shall be selected by the
Company, one (1) of whom shall be selected by the Executive and the
third (3rd) of whom shall be selected by the other two (2) physicians so
selected.]{.underline}

**[13.9 ]{.underline}[Death of Executive]{.underline}**

[In the event the Executive shall die during the term hereof, the
Company shall pay to the Executive\'s surviving spouse, or if the
Executive shall leave no surviving spouse, then to the Executive\'s
estate, only such amounts as may have been earned by the Executive prior
to the Executive\'s date of death, but which were unpaid at date of
death.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENTS]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[Executive recognizes and acknowledges that all records with respect to
clients, business associates, customer or referral lists, contracting
parties and referral sources of the Company, and all personal, financial
and business and proprietary information of the Company, its Executives,
officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the Executive during
the term of this Agreement and not generally known in the public (the
\"Confidential Information\") are valuable, special and unique and
proprietary assets of the Company\'s business. The Executive hereby
agrees that during the term of this Agreement and following the
termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be
voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the
termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this
Agreement, the Executive will not at any time, directly or indirectly,
disclose any Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or
other form, to any person, firm, Company, association or other entity,
or utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for
the benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Company.
\"Confidential Information\" shall also include any information
(including, but not limited to, technical or non-technical data, a
formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a
technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans,
product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers) that: (i)
derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally
known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other
persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and
(ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the
circumstances to maintain its secrecy. In the case of Company\'s
business, Company\'s Trade Secrets include (without limitation)
information regarding names and addresses of any customers, sales
personnel, account invoices, training and educational manuals,
administrative manuals, prospective customer leads, in whatever form,
whether or not computer or electronically accessible
\"on-line.\"]{.underline}

1.  **[EXCLUSIVE EMPLOYMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[During employment with the Company, Executive will not do anything to
compete with the Company's present or contemplated business, nor will he
or she plan or organize any competitive business activity. Executive
will not enter into any agreement which conflicts with his duties or
obligations to the Company. Executive will not during his employment or
within \[NUMBER\] year after it ends, without the Company's express
written consent, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any
Executive, agent, independent contractor, supplier, customer, consultant
or any other person or company to terminate or alter a relationship with
the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[HIRING]{.underline}**

[The Executive agrees that during the Executive\'s employment with the
Company and for a period of \[NUMBER\] years following the termination
of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be voluntary or
involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether the termination is
solely due to the expiration of the term of this Agreement, the
Executive will not attempt to hire any other Executive or independent
contractor of the Company or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage
any other Executive or independent contractor of the Company to leave
the Company\'s employ.]{.underline}

1.  **[ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive's rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be
transferable by assignment or otherwise, and any purported assignment,
transfer or delegation thereof shall be void. This Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of, and be binding upon and enforceable by, any purchaser
of substantially all of Company's assets, any corporate successor to
Company or any assignee thereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO INCONSISTENT OBLIGATIONS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive is aware of no obligations, legal or otherwise, inconsistent
with the terms of this Agreement or with his undertaking employment with
the Company. Executive will not disclose to the Company, or use, or
induce the Company to use, any proprietary information or trade secrets
of others. Executive represents and warrants that he or she has returned
all property and confidential information belonging to all prior
employers.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEYS]{.underline}[']{.underline}[ FEES]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[The parties hereto agree that, in the event of breach or threatened
breach of any covenants of Executive, the damage or imminent damage to
the value and the goodwill of the Company's business shall be
inestimable, and that therefore any remedy at law or in damages shall be
inadequate. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that the Company shall
be entitled to injunctive relief against Executive in the event of any
breach or threatened breach of any of such provisions by Executive, in
addition to any other relief (including damages) available to the
Company under this Agreement or under law. The prevailing party in any
action instituted pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to
recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys' fees and other
expenses incurred in such action.]{.underline}

[In the event that either party is required to engage the services of
legal counsel to enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement
against the other party, regardless of whether such action results in
litigation, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable
attorneys\' fees, costs of legal assistants, and other costs from the
other party, which shall include any fees or costs incurred at trial or
in any appellate proceeding, and expenses and other costs, including any
accounting expenses incurred.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] without regard to conflict
of law principles.]{.underline}

1.  **[AMENDMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by Executive and
by a duly authorized representative of the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held
to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement
and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other
persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and
effect.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSTRUCTION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The headings and captions of this Agreement are provided for
convenience only and are intended to have no effect in construing or
interpreting this Agreement. The language in all parts of this Agreement
shall be in all cases construed according to its fair meaning and not
strictly for or against the Company or Executive.]{.underline}

1.  **[RIGHTS CUMULATIVE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and
the exercise of any right or remedy by either party hereto (or by its
successor), whether pursuant to this Agreement, to any other agreement,
or to law, shall not preclude or waive its right to exercise any or all
other rights and remedies.]{.underline}

1.  **[NONWAIVER]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[No failure or neglect of either party hereto in any instance to
exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder or under law shall
constitute a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or of the
same right, power or privilege in any other instance. All waivers by
either party hereto must be contained in a written instrument signed by
the party to be charged and, in the case of the Company, by an officer
of the Company (other than Executive) or other person duly authorized by
the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[NOTICES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Any and all notices or other communication provided for herein, shall
be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in
case of the Company to its principal office, and in the case of the
Executive to the Executive\'s residence address set forth on the first
page of this Agreement or to such other address as may be designated by
the Executive.]{.underline}

1.  **[ASSISTANCE IN LITIGATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Executive shall, during and after termination of employment, upon
reasonable notice, furnish such information and proper assistance to the
Company as may reasonably be required by the Company in connection with
any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is,
or may become a party; provided, however, that such assistance following
termination shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and for
mutually agreeable compensation.]{.underline}

[Arbitration ]{.underline}

[Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of
the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto,
their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be
settled by arbitration in \[CITY\], \[STATE\]. Such arbitration shall be
conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration
rules of the \[ASSOCIATION\] (but the arbitration shall be in front of
an arbitrator, with the following exceptions if in conflict: (a)Â one
arbitrator shall be chosen by \[NAME\]; (b)Â each party to the
arbitration will pay its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the
arbitrator(s), together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred
or approved by the arbitrator(s); and (c)Â arbitration may proceed in the
absence of any party if written notice of the proceedings has been given
to such party. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards
rendered in such proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the
arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance
of execution for its collection. All such controversies, claims or
disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or
equity; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be
construed as precluding the Company from bringing an action for
injunctive relief or other equitable relief or relief under the
Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement. The
arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages,
consequential damages, lost profits or speculative damages to either
party. The parties shall keep confidential the existence of the claim,
controversy or disputes from third parties (other than the arbitrator),
and the determination thereof, unless otherwise required by law or
necessary for the business of the Company. The arbitrator(s) shall be
required to follow applicable law. ]{.underline}

[IF FOR ANY REASON THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE BECOMES NOT APPLICABLE, THEN
EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING
HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES
HERETO.]{.underline}

1.  **[SOLICITATION]{.underline}**

[The Executive further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and
following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination
shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, or whether
the termination is solely due to the expiration of the term of this
Agreement, the Executive will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit
or encourage any person, firm, Company or other business entity who are
clients, business associates or referral sources of the Company to cease
doing business with the Company or to do business with the
Executive.]{.underline}

1.  **[COVENANTS INDEPENDENT]{.underline}**

[Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Executive set forth in
this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other
covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which
the Company and the Executive may have, fully performed and not
executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the
Executive against the Company whether predicated upon another covenant
or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a
defense to the enforcement by the Company of any other
covenant.]{.underline}

1.  **[INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF ]{.underline}**

[Executive and Company recognize and expressly agree that the extent
of]{.underline}

[damages to Company in the event of a breach by Executive of any
restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain,
that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be irrefutably
presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be inadequate
to compensate the Company. Consequently, the Executive agrees that in
the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition to any other
relief to which Company may be entitled, Company shall be entitled to
enforce the covenant by injunctive or other equitable relief ordered by
a court of competent jurisdiction.]{.underline}

1.  **[INDEMNIFICATION ]{.underline}**

[The Executive hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its
officers, directors, shareholders and Executives harmless from and
against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of
prosecution or defense of their rights hereunder, whether in judicial
proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court,
including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys\'
fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing
out of the Executive\'s breach or threatened breach of any covenant
contained herein.]{.underline}

1.  **[ACKNOWLEDGMENT]{.underline}**

[The Executive acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the
Executive will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing
restrictions and that the Executive\'s recognition and representation of
this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement
and to Executive\'s continued relationship with the
Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS ]{.underline}**

[All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[LIMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY ]{.underline}**

[Without the express written consent from the Company, the Executive
shall have no apparent or implied authority to: (i) Pledge the credit of
the Company or any of its other Executives; (ii) Bind the Company under
any contract, agreement, note, mortgage or otherwise; (iii) Release or
discharge any debt due the Company unless the Company has received the
full amount thereof; or (iv) sell, mortgage, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any assets of the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY OF
    ]{.underline}[EXECUTIVE]{.underline}**

[The Executive acknowledges and understands that the Company has
extended employment opportunities to Executive based upon Executive\'s
representation and warranty that Executive is in good health and able to
perform the work contemplated by this Agreement for the term
hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[INVALID PROVISION; SEVERABILITY ]{.underline}**

[The invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and the
Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or
unenforceable provisions were omitted.]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION ]{.underline}**

[No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless the
same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[ENTIRE AGREEMENT ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement contains the entire agreement and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to the
subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be changed only by an
agreement in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver,
change, amendment, modification, or discharge is sought.]{.underline}

1.  **[DISPUTES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the employment relationship, either during the existence of
the employment relationship or afterwards, between the parties hereto,
their assignees, their affiliates, their attorneys, or agents, shall be
litigated solely in state or federal court in \[CITY\], \[STATE\]. Each
party (1)Â submits to the jurisdiction of such court, (2)Â waives the
defense of an inconvenient forum, (3) agrees that valid consent to
service may be made by mailing or delivery of such service to the
Secretary of State (the "Agent") or to the party at the party's last
known address, if personal service delivery can not be easily effected,
and (4)Â authorizes and directs the Agent to accept such service in the
event that personal service delivery can not easily be effected.
]{.underline}

[EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO ANY ISSUE RELATING
HERETO IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MATTER INVOLVING THE PARTIES
HERETO.\]]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS HEREOF, each party to this Agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated
below.]{.underline}

[EXECUTIVE COMPANY]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
