**EMPLOYEE NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT**

This Employee Non-Disclosure Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[EMPLOYEE NAME\]** (the \"Employee\"), an individual with
his main address at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

In consideration of employment by Company and disclosure by Company of
confidential and trade secret information, the undersigned Employee
hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employee\'s employment by
Company, Employee will be exposed to valuable confidential and trade
secret information of Company. Employee agrees to treat all such
information as confidential and to take all necessary precautions
against disclosure of such information to third parties during and after
the term of this Agreement.

Employee acknowledges that trade secrets of the Company will consist of
but will not be necessarily limited to:

a.  Technical information: Methods, processes, formulae, compositions,
    systems, techniques, inventions, machines, computer programs and
    research projects.

b.  Business information: Customer lists, pricing data, sources of
    supply, financial data and marketing, production, or merchandising
    systems or plans.

Employee understands that this Agreement does not and will not prevent
him/her from working for any other Company subsequent to the termination
of his/her employment with the Company as long as the Employee does not
use or disclose any such confidential and proprietary information.

1.  **USE**

Employee shall not use Company\'s confidential and trade secret
information, except to the extent

necessary to provide services or goods requested by Company.

1.  **ENFORCEMENT**

The Employee agrees that if he/she commits a breach of any of the
provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to
enforce this Agreement in any court having equity jurisdiction. Employee
acknowledges and agrees that any such breach of this Agreement will
cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not
provide an adequate remedy to the Company. In addition, the Company
shall have any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

1.  **TERMINATION**

All materials furnished to Employee by Company, and all materials
prepared by Employee in connection with Employee\'s employment by
Company, including without limitation documents, models, source code,
designs, flowcharts and listings, along with all copies made thereof,
shall be returned promptly to Company upon termination of Employee\'s
employment by Company.

1.  **OWNERSHIP**

Employee agrees that all developments made and works created by Employee
or under Employee\'s direction in connection with Company assignments
shall be the sole and complete property of Company, that any and all
copyrights and other proprietary interests therein shall belong to
Company, and that the other provisions of this Agreement shall fully
apply to all such developments and works.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the
state of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Employee agrees to pay liquidated damages in the amount of \[DOLLAR
AMOUNT\] for any violation of the covenant not to disclose confidential
information contained in this Agreement.

1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

If any part of these promises is void for any reason, the undersigned
accepts that it may be severed without affecting the validity or
enforceability of the balance of the promises.

This agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties, their successors, assigns, and personal representatives.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party to this agreement has caused it to be
executed at \[PLACE OF EXECUTION\] on the date indicated below.

COMPANY EMPLOYEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
