**GENERAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT**

This General Employment Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[EMPLOYEE NAME\]** (the \"Employee\"), an individual with
his main address at:

**AND: \[EMPLOYER NAME\]** (the \"Employer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

A.  Employer is engaged in the business of \[DESCRIBE\], and maintains a
    branch office at \[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

B.  Employee has been engaged and has had a great deal of experience in
    the above-designated business.

C.  Employee is willing to be employed by employer, and employer is
    willing to employ employee, on the terms, covenants, and conditions
    set forth in this Agreement.

In consideration of the matters described above, and of the mutual
benefits and obligations set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree
as follows:

1.  **EMPLOYMENT**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  Employer employs, engages, and hires employee as a \[DESIGNATE
    POSITION\] to \[DESIGNATE DUTIES\], and employee accepts and agrees
    to such hiring, engagement, and employment, subject to the general
    supervision and pursuant to the orders, advice, and direction of
    employer.

B.  Employee shall perform such other duties as are customarily
    performed by one holding such position in other, same, or similar
    businesses or enterprises as that engaged in by employer, and shall
    also additionally render such other and unrelated services and
    duties as may be assigned to \[HIM OR HER\] from time to time by
    employer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **BEST EFFORTS OF EMPLOYEE**

Employee agrees that \[HE OR SHE\] will at all times faithfully,
industriously, and to the best of \[HIS OR HER\] ability, experience,
and talents, perform all of the duties that may be required of and from
\[HIM OR HER\] pursuant to the express and implicit terms of this
Agreement, to the reasonable satisfaction of employer. Such duties shall
be rendered at \[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\], and at such
other place or places as employer shall in good faith require or as the
interest, needs, business, or opportunity of employer shall require.

The term of this Agreement shall be a period of \[NUMBER\] years,
commencing \[DATE\], and terminating \[DATE\], subject, however, to
prior termination as provided in this Agreement. At the expiration date
of \[DATE\], this Agreement shall be considered renewed for regular
periods of one year, provided neither party submits a notice of
termination.

1.  **COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYEE**

Employer shall pay employee, and employee shall accept from employer, in
full payment for employee's services under this Agreement, compensation
at the rate of \[SALARY\] per \[MONTH/YEAR\], payable twice a month on
the \[NUMBER\] and \[NUMBER\] days of each month while this Agreement
shall be in force.

Employer shall reimburse employee for all necessary expenses incurred by
employee while traveling pursuant to employer's directions.

1.  **TERMINATION DUE TO DISCONTINUANCE OF BUSINESS**

In spite of anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in the
event that employer shall discontinue operating its business at
\[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\], then this Agreement shall
terminate as of the last day of the month in which employer ceases
operations at such location with the same force and effect as if such
last day of the month were originally set as the termination date of
this Agreement.

1.  **OTHER EMPLOYMENT**

Employee shall devote all of \[HIS OR HER\] time, attention, knowledge,
and skills solely to the business and interest of employer, and employer
shall be entitled to all of the benefits, profits, or other issues
arising from or incident to all work, services, and advice of employee,
and employee shall not, during the term of this Agreement, be interested
directly or indirectly, in any manner, as partner, officer, director,
shareholder, advisor, employee, or in any other capacity in any other
business similar to employer's business or any allied trade; provided,
however, that nothing contained in this section shall be deemed to
prevent or to limit the right of employee to invest any of \[HIS OR
HER\] money in the capital stock or other securities of any corporation
whose stock or securities are publicly owned or are regularly traded on
any public exchange, nor shall anything contained in this section be
deemed to prevent employee from investing or limit employee's right to
invest \[HIS OR HER\] money in real estate.

1.  **TRADE SECRETS**

Employee shall not at any time or in any manner, either directly or
indirectly, divulge, disclose or communicate to any person, firm,
corporation, or other entity in any manner whatsoever any information
concerning any matters affecting or relating to the business of
employer, including but not limited to any of its customers, the prices
it obtains or has obtained from the sale of, or at which it sells or has
sold, its products, or any other information concerning the business of
employer, its manner of operation, its plans, processes, or other data
without regard to whether all of the above-stated matters will be deemed
confidential, material, or important, employer and employee specifically
and expressly stipulating that as between them, such matters are
important, material, and confidential and gravely affect the effective
and successful conduct of the business of employer, and employer's good
will, and that any breach of the terms of this section shall be a
material breach of this Agreement.

1.  **TRADE SECRETS AFTER TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT**

All of the terms of Section Eight of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect for the period of \[NUMBER\] years after the
termination of employee's employment for any reason, and during such
\[NUMBER\]*-*year period, employee shall not make or permit the making
of any public announcement or statement of any kind that \[HE OR SHE\]
was formerly employed by or connected with employer.

1.  **REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES**

The Employee may incur reasonable expenses for furthering the Company\'s
business, including expenses for entertainment, travel, and similar
items. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all business expenses
after the Employee presents an itemized account of expenditures,
pursuant to Company policy.

1.  **RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVING OPERATIONS**

Employee shall make available to employer all information of which
employee shall have any knowledge and shall make all suggestions and
recommendations that will be of mutual benefit to employer and employee.

1.  **ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION**

Employee shall not be entitled to any additional compensation by reason
of any service that \[HE OR SHE\] may perform as the member of any
managing committee of employer, or in the event that \[HE OR SHE\] shall
at any time be elected an officer of director of employer.

1.  **EMPLOYEE'S INABILITY TO CONTRACT FOR EMPLOYER**

In spite of anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary,
employee shall not have the right to make any contracts or commitments
for or on behalf of employer without first obtaining the express written
consent of employer.

1.  **AGREEMENTS OUTSIDE OF CONTRACT**

This Agreement contains the complete Agreement concerning the employment
arrangement between the parties and shall, as of the effective date of
this Agreement, supersede all other Agreements between the parties. The
parties stipulate that neither of them has made any representation with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement or any representations
including the execution and delivery of this Agreement except such
representations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and
each of the parties acknowledges that \[HE OR SHE OR IT\] has relied on
its own judgment in entering into this Agreement. The parties further
acknowledge that any payments or representations that may have been made
by either of them to the other prior to the date of executing this
Agreement are of no effect and that neither of them has relied on such
payments or representations in connection with \[HIS OR HER OR ITS\]
dealings with the other.

1.  **VACATION**

Employee shall be entitled to \[NUMBER\] days of paid vacation each year
during the term of this Agreement, the time for such vacation to be
determined by mutual Agreement between employer and employee.

1.  **MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT**

Any modification of this Agreement or additional obligation assumed by
either party in connection with this Agreement shall be binding only if
evidenced in writing signed by each party or an authorized
representative of each party.

1.  **FIDELITY BOND**

Employee will immediately make application for a fidelity or a surety
bond, to any company designated by employer, in such amount as may be
specified by employer. Employer shall pay the premium on such bond, and
such bond shall continue in force in such amounts as employer may from
time to time require and in the event such bond is refused, or is ever
canceled, except with the approval of employer, employee's employment
may be terminated immediately and employee shall be entitled to
compensation to the date of such termination only.

1.  **TERMINATION**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  This Agreement may be terminated by either party on \[NUMBER\] days'
    written notice to the other. If employer shall so terminate this
    Agreement, employee shall be entitled to compensation for \[NUMBER\]
    days.

B.  In the event of any violation by employee of any of the terms of
    this Agreement, employer may terminate employment without notice and
    with compensation to employee only to the date of such termination.

C.  It is further agreed that any breach or evasion of any of the terms
    of this Agreement by either party will result in immediate and
    irreparable injury to the other party and will authorize recourse to
    injunction and or specific performance as well as to all other legal
    or equitable remedies to which such injured party may be entitled
    under this Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TERMINATION FOR DISABILITY**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  In spite of anything in this Agreement to the contrary, employer has
    the option to terminate this Agreement in the event that employee
    shall, during the term of this Agreement, become permanently
    disabled as the term permanently disabled is fixed and defined in
    this Section. Such option shall be exercised by employer giving
    notice to employee by registered mail, addressed to \[HIM OR HER\]
    in care of employer at \[MAILING ADDRESS\] or at such other address
    as employee shall designate in writing of employer's intention to
    terminate this Agreement on the last day of the month during which
    such notice is mailed. On the giving of such notice, this Agreement
    shall cease on the last day of the month in which the notice is so
    mailed, with the same force and effect as if such last day of the
    month were the date originally set forth in this Agreement as the
    termination date of this Agreement.

B.  For the purposes of this Agreement, employee shall be deemed to have
    become permanently disabled, if, during any year of the term of this
    Agreement, because of ill health, physical or mental disability or
    for other causes beyond employee's control \[HE OR SHE\] shall have
    been continuously unable or unwilling or shall have failed to
    perform \[HIS OR HER\] duties under this Agreement for \[NUMBER\]
    consecutive days, or if, during any year of the term of this
    Agreement, employee shall have been unable or unwilling or shall
    have failed to perform \[HIS OR HER\] duties for a total period of
    \[NUMBER\] days, irrespective of whether or not such days are
    consecutive. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "any year
    of the term of this Agreement" is defined to mean any
    12-calendar-months period commencing on \[DATE\], and terminating on
    \[DATE\], during the term of this Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **DEATH BENEFIT **

Should Employee die during the term of employment, the Company shall pay
to Employee\'s estate any compensation due through the end of the month
in which death occurred.

1.  **EFFECT OF PARTIAL INVALIDITY**

The invalidity of any portion of this Agreement will not and shall not
be deemed to affect the validity of any other provision. In the event
that any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, the parties
agree that the remaining provisions shall be deemed to be in full force
and effect as if they had been executed by both parties subsequent to
the expungement of the invalid provision.

1.  **CHOICE OF LAW**

It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that this Agreement
and the performance under this Agreement, and all suits and special
proceedings under this Agreement, be construed in accordance with and
under and pursuant to the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] and
that, in any action, special proceeding or other proceeding that may be
brought arising out of, in connection with, or by reason of this
Agreement, the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] shall be
applicable and shall govern to the exclusion of the law of any other
forum, without regard to the jurisdiction in which any action or special
proceeding may be instituted.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

The failure of either party to this Agreement to insist upon the
performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or the
waiver of any breach of any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, shall not be construed as thereafter waiving any such terms
and conditions, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and
effect as if no such forbearance or waiver had occurred.

1.  **ATTORNEY FEES**

In the event that any action is filed in relation to this Agreement, the
unsuccessful party in the action shall pay to the successful party, in
addition to all the sums that either party may be called on to pay, a
reasonable sum for the successful party's attorney's fees.

1.  **PARAGRAPH HEADINGS**

The titles to the paragraphs of this Agreement are solely for the
convenience of the parties and shall not be used to explain, modify,
simplify, or aid in the interpretation of the provisions of this
Agreement.

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the parties have caused it to be executed on the date
indicated above.

EMPLOYEE EMPLOYER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
