**PHYSICAL EXAMINATION CONSENT AGREEMENT**

This Physical Examination Consent Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[EMPLOYEE NAME\]** (the \"Employee\"), an individual with
his main address at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

In connection with my application for employment with the Company, I
hereby agree as follows:

1.  **TERMS**

I, a current employee of \[COMPANY\] ("the Company"), understand that my
current job requires a significant amount of physical activity and/or
physical activity of a difficult nature. I understand that a physical
examination is necessary to assess my continuing fitness for the
essential functions of my job. In consideration for my desire for a safe
work environment and for my own safety as well as the safety of my
fellow employees, I give my consent for the Company to conduct the
physical examinations it considers necessary as outlined in its
"Physical Examination" policy.

I have the right to ask questions of the examining medical personnel,
and I have the right to receive a copy of the written evaluation
concerning my fitness to perform the essential duties of my current job.
I have the right to stop the examination at any point, but such an act
may jeopardize the status of my employment.

I authorize the laboratory or medical personnel retained by the Company
for the physical examination to release the results to the Company for
whatever use the Company deems appropriate. Further, I release the
laboratory or medical personnel conducting the examination, the Company,
and the Company's employees, directors, officers, and successors from
any liabilities, claims, and causes of action, known or unknown,
contingent or fixed, that may result from this physical examination. I
agree not to file any lawsuit or other action to assert a claim.

I have read and understood this agreement, and I sign this without any
coercion or duress by any individual or institution.

EMPLOYEE COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
