**EMPLOYEE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

**AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENT**

In consideration of my employment by \[NAME OF COMPANY\], (the
"Company"), I hereby agree to the following restrictions placed on my
use and development of information, technology, ideas and inventions:

1.  **PROPRIETARY INFORMATION **

    a.  **Restrictions on Proprietary Information**

I agree that, during my employment and after, I will hold the
Proprietary Information of the Company in strict confidence and will
neither use the information nor disclose it to anyone, except to the
extent necessary to carry out my responsibilities as an employee of the
Company or as specifically authorized in writing by a duly authorized
officer of the Company. I understand that \"Proprietary Information\"
means all information pertaining in any manner to the business of the
Company or its affiliates, consultants, or business associates, unless:

i.  the information is or becomes publicly known through lawful means;

ii. the information was part of my general knowledge prior to my
    employment by the Company; or

iii. the information is disclosed to me without restriction by a third
     party who rightfully possesses the information and did not learn of
     it from the Company.

This definition includes, but is not limited to, (A) schematics,
techniques, development tools, processes, computer printouts, computer
programs, design drawings and manuals, electronic codes, formulas and
improvements; (B) information about costs, profits, markets, sales,
customers, and bids; (C) plans for business, marketing, future
development and new product concepts; and (D) employee personnel files
and information about employee compensation and benefits.

a.  **Prior Actions and Knowledge**

Except as disclosed on Schedule A to this Agreement, I do not know
anything about the Company\'s business or Proprietary Information, other
than information I have learned from the Company in the course of being
hired and employed.

a.  **Third Party Information**

I recognize that the Company has received and will receive confidential
or proprietary information from third parties. I will hold all such
information in the strictest confidence and will not use the information
or disclose it to anyone (except as necessary in carrying out my work
for the Company consistent with the Company\'s agreement with such third
party).

a.  **Interference with Business**

I agree that during my employment with the Company and for a period of
\[NUMBER\] year after termination of my employment with the Company, I
shall not directly or indirectly (i) divert or attempt to divert from
the Company (or any affiliate) any business of any kind in which it is
engaged, including, without limitation, the solicitation of or
interference with any of its suppliers or customers or (ii) solicit,
induce, recruit or encourage any person employed by the Company to leave
their employment.

a.  **Assignment of Inventions**

I agree to assign to the Company, without further consideration, my
entire right, title, and interest (throughout the \[COUNTRY\] and in all
foreign countries), free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, in and
to all Inventions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in
its discretion, agree to provide consideration for certain Inventions
through a written agreement between the Company and the undersigned
which specifically provides for such consideration; in all other cases,
no consideration shall be paid. The Inventions shall be the sole
property of the Company, whether or not copyrightable or patentable. In
addition, I agree to maintain adequate and current written records on
the development of all Inventions, which shall also remain the sole
property of the Company. I understand that \"Inventions" means all
ideas, processes, inventions, technology, designs, formulas,
discoveries, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, and all improvements,
rights, and claims related to the foregoing, that are conceived,
developed, or reduced to practice by me alone or with others except
Inventions excluded in Schedule A:

Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee
shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an
invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that
the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the
employer\'s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information
except for those inventions that either:

i.  Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the
    invention to the employer\'s business, or actual or demonstrably
    anticipated research or development of the employer.

ii. Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **License for Other Inventions**

If, in the course of my employment, with the Company, I incorporate into
Company property an invention owned by me or in which I have an
interest, the Company is granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free,
irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, modify, use and sell
my invention as part of and in connection with the Company property.

a.  **Assist With Registration**

In the event any Invention shall be deemed by the Company to be
copyrightable or patentable or otherwise registrable, I will assist the
Company (at its expense) in obtaining and maintaining letters patent or
other applicable registrations and in vesting the Company with full
title. Should the Company be unable to secure my signature on any
document necessary to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or enforce any
patent, copyright, or other right or protection relating to any
Invention, due to my incapacity or any other cause, I hereby irrevocably
designate and appoint the Company and each of its duly authorized
officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in-fact to do all lawfully
permitted acts to further the prosecution, issuance, and enforcement of
patents, copyrights, or other rights or protection with the same force
and effect as if executed and delivered by me.

I agree to disclose promptly to the Company all Inventions and relevant
records. I further agree to promptly disclose to the Company any idea
that I do not believe to be an Invention, but is conceived, developed,
or reduced to practice by me (alone or with others) while I am employed
by the Company or during the one-year period following termination of my
employment. I will disclose the idea, along with all information and
records pertaining to the idea, and the Company will examine the
disclosure in confidence to determine if in fact it is an Invention
subject to this Agreement.

a.  **Post-Termination Period**

I agree that any idea, invention, writing, discovery, patent, copyright,
or trademark or similar item, or improvement shall be presumed to be an
Invention if it is conceived, developed, used, sold, exploited, or
reduced to practice by me or with my aid within \[NUMBER\] year after my
termination of employment with the Company. I can rebut the above
presumption if I prove that the idea, invention, writing, discovery,
patent, copyright, or trademark or similar item, or improvement is not
an Invention covered by this Agreement.

1.  **FORMER OR CONFLICTING AGREEMENTS**

    a.  **Former Agreements**

I represent and warrant that my performance of the terms of this
Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence
proprietary information acquired by me prior to my employment by the
Company. I have listed in Schedule A all other agreements concerning
proprietary information or inventions to which I am a party and attached
copies of any agreements in my possession. To the best of my knowledge,
there is no other contract between me and any other person or entity
that is in conflict with this Agreement or concerns proprietary
information, inventions or assignment of ideas.

a.  **Obligations During Employment**

During my employment with the Company, I will not disclose to the
Company, or use, or induce the Company to use, any proprietary
information or trade secrets of others.

1.  **TERMINATION**

    a.  **Return of the Company's Property**

I agree to promptly return to the Company upon termination of my
employment all Proprietary Information and all personal property
furnished to or prepared by me in the course of or incident to my
employment. Following my termination, I will not retain any written or
other tangible material containing any Proprietary Information or
information pertaining to any Invention.

a.  **Termination Certificate**

In the event of the termination of my employment, I agree, if requested
by the Company, to sign and deliver the Termination Certificate attached
as Schedule B.

a.  **Subsequent Employers**

I agree that after the termination of my employment with the Company, I
will not enter into any agreement that conflicts with my obligations
under this Agreement and will inform any subsequent employers of my
obligations under this Agreement.

1.  **NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS**

I recognize that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to imply
that my employment is guaranteed for any period of time. Unless stated
in a written agreement signed by a duly authorized officer of the
Company, my employment is for an indefinite duration, and either the
Company or I can terminate our employment relationship at any time,
without notice and for any reason, with or without cause.

1.  **REMEDIES**

I recognize that nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit any
remedy of the Company under any federal or state law concerning trade
secrets, I recognize that my violation of this Agreement could cause the
Company irreparable harm and agree that the Company shall have the right
to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an order restraining
any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.

1.  **MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **Assignment**

I agree that the Company may assign to another person or entity any of
its rights under this Agreement.

a.  **Governing Law**

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State \[STATE\].

a.  **Severability**

If any provision of this Agreement, or application thereof to any
person, place, or circumstance, shall be held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to
the greatest extent permitted by law and the remainder of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.

a.  **Entire Agreement**

The terms of this Agreement are the final expression of my agreement
with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be contradicted by
evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. This Agreement shall
constitute the complete and exclusive statement of its terms. I
acknowledge that the Company has not made any other representations
concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.

a.  **Amendment; Waivers**

This Agreement can be amended or terminated only by a written agreement
signed by both parties. No failure to exercise or delay in exercising
any right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof.

a.  **Successors and Assigns**

This Agreement shall be binding upon me and my heirs, executors,
administrators, and successors, and shall inure to the benefit of the
Company\'s successors and assigns.

I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. I HAVE
COMPLETELY NOTED ON SCHEDULE A TO THIS AGREEMENT ANY PROPRIETARY
INFORMATION, IDEAS, PROCESSES, INVENTIONS, TECHNOLOGY, WRITINGS,
PROGRAMS, DESIGNS, FORMULAS, DISCOVERIES, PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, OR
TRADEMARKS, OR IMPROVEMENTS, RIGHTS, OR CLAIMS RELATING TO THE
FOREGOING, THAT I DESIRE TO EXCLUDE FROM THIS AGREEMENT.

EMPLOYEE COMPANY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**EMPLOYEE\'S DISCLOSURE**

**1. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

Except as set forth below, I acknowledge that at this time I know
nothing about the business or Proprietary Information of Company (the
"Company"), other than information I have learned from the Company in
the course of being hired:

**2. PRIOR INVENTIONS**

Except as set forth below, there are no ideas, processes, inventions,
technology, writings, programs, designs, formulas, discoveries, patents,
copyrights, or trademarks, or any claims, rights, or improvements to the
foregoing, that I wish to exclude from the operation of this Agreement:

**3. PRIOR AGREEMENTS**

Except as set forth below, I am aware of no prior agreements between me
and any other person or entity concerning proprietary information or
inventions (attach copies of all agreements in your possession):

EMPLOYEE

Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE B]{.underline}**

**TERMINATION CERTIFICATE CONCERNING**

**THE COMPANY PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

This is to certify that I have returned all personal property of
Company, (the "Company"), including, without limitation, all source code
listings, books, manuals, records, models, drawings, reports, notes,
contracts, lists, blueprints, and other documents and materials,
Proprietary Information, and equipment furnished to or prepared by me in
the course of or incident to my employment with the Company, and that I
did not make or distribute any copies of the foregoing.

I further certify that I have reviewed the Employee Proprietary
Information and Inventions Agreement signed by me and that I have
complied with and will continue to comply with all of its terms,
including, without limitation, (i) the reporting of any idea, process,
invention, technology, writing, program, design, formula, discovery,
patent, copyright, or trademark, or any improvement, rights, or claims
related to the foregoing, conceived or developed by me and covered by
the Agreement and (ii) the preservation as confidential of all
Proprietary Information pertaining to the Company. This certificate in
no way limits my responsibilities or the Company\'s rights under the
Agreement.

On termination of my employment with the Company, I will be employed by
\[NAME OF NEW EMPLOYER\]** **\[DIVISION\] and I will be working in
connection with the following projects:

\[GENERALLY DESCRIBE THE PROJECTS\]
