# EMPLOYEE RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

Following are covenants that you can copy and paste into any employment
agreement. Thus, the contracts you will sign with future or actual
employees will legally protect the company and employees. Remember to
ask your lawyer to review any legal document you are about to sign.

**RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS **

The Employee acknowledges that the Corporation, through its employment
of the Employee, has provided the Employee with confidential
information, business and professional contacts, training and
experience, and the ability to service and otherwise have access to the
Corporation\'s clients. The Employee further acknowledges that such
confidential information, business and professional contacts, training
and experience, and the ability to service and otherwise have access to
the Corporation\'s clients are the result of his employment by the
Corporation. In consideration of the foregoing and of the benefits
generally provided to the Employee by the Corporation pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement and otherwise, the Employee agrees to abide and
be bound by the restrictions and prohibitions of this Article, which
restrictions are intended by the parties to extend to any and all
activities of the Employee, whether as an independent contractor,
partner or joint venturer, or as an officer, director, stockholder,
agent, employee or salesman for any person, firm, partnership,
corporation or other entity, or otherwise.

**HIRING**

The Employee agrees that during the Employee\'s employment with the
Corporation and for a period of \[NUMBER\] years following the
termination of this Agreement, whether the termination shall be
voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, the Employee will
not attempt to hire any other employee or independent contractor of the
Corporation or otherwise encourage or attempt to encourage any other
employee or independent contractor of the Corporation to leave the
Corporation\'s employ.

**CONFIDENTIALITY; DISCLOSURE; PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

Employee recognizes and acknowledges that allrecords with respect to
clients, business associates,

customer or referral lists, contracting parties and referral sources of
the Corporation, and all personal,

financial and business and proprietary information of the Corporation,
its employees, officers, directors and shareholders obtained by the
Employee during the term of this Agreement and not generally known in
the public (the \"Confidential Information\") are valuable, special and
unique and proprietary assets of the Corporation\'s business. The
Employee hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement and
following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination
shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, the
Employee will not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose any
Confidential Information, in full or in part, in written or other form,
to any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity, or
utilize the same for any reason or purpose whatsoever other than for the
benefit of and pursuant to authorization granted by the Corporation.

**SOLICITATION**

The Employee further agrees that during the term of this Agreement and
following the termination of this Agreement, whether the termination
shall be voluntary or involuntary, or with or without cause, the
Employee will not, in any manner or at any time, solicit or encourage
any person, firm, corporation or other business entity who are clients,
business associates or referral sources of the Corporation to cease
doing business with the Corporation or to do business with the Employee.

**NON-COMPETITION WITH CORPORATION CLIENTS **

Employee agrees that during the term of the Employee's employment with
the Corporation and for a period of \[NUMBER\] years following the
cessation of the relationship with the Corporation, the Employee shall
not provide any service to or lend any aid or device to any of the
clients of the Employer.

**COVENANTS INDEPENDENT **

Each restrictive covenant on the part of the Employee set forth in this
Agreement shall be construed as a covenant independent of any other
covenant or provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement which
the Corporation and the Employee may have, fully performed and not
executory, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by the
Employee against the Corporation whether predicated upon another
covenant or provision of this Agreement or otherwise, shall not
constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Corporation of any other
covenant.

**PROPRIETARY CREATIONS **

All processes, inventions, patents, copyrights, trademarks, and other
intangible rights (collectively the \"Inventions\") that may be
conceived or developed by Employee, either alone or with others, during
the term of Employee\'s employment, whether or not conceived or
developed during Employee\'s working hours, and with respect to which
the equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of
Company was used, or that relate at the time of conception or reduction
to practice of the Invention to the business of the Corporation or to
Corporation\'s actual or demonstrably anticipated research and
development, or that result from any work performed by Employee for
Corporation, will be the sole property of Corporation, and shall be
considered "works for hire", and Employee hereby assigns to the
Corporation all of Employee\'s right, title and interest in and to such
Inventions. Employee must disclose to Corporation all inventions
conceived during the term of employment, whether or not the invention
constitutes property of Corporation under the terms of the preceding
sentence, but such disclosure will be received by Corporation in
confidence. Employee must execute all documents, including patent
applications and assignments, required by Corporation to establish
Corporation\'s rights under this Section.

**DIVISIBILITY OF COVENANT AREAS AND PERIODS**

If any portion of the restrictive covenants contained herein is held to
be unreasonable, arbitrary or against public policy, each covenant shall
be considered divisible both as to time and geographical area; and each
\[NUMBER\] month of the specified period shall be deemed to be a
separate period of time and each \[NUMBER\] mile radius segment of the
geographical area shall be deemed to be a separate geographical area, so
that the maximum lesser time and geographical area shall remain
effective so long as the same is not unreasonable, arbitrary or against
public policy.

**INJUNCTIVE AND EQUITABLE RELIEF **

Employee and Corporation recognize and expressly agree that the extent
of damages to Corporation in the event of a breach by Employee of any
restrictive covenant set forth herein would be impossible to ascertain,
that the irreparable harm arising out of any breach shall be
irrebuttably presumed, and that the remedy at law for any breach will be
inadequate to compensate the Corporation. Consequently, the Employee
agrees that in the event of a breach of any such covenant, in addition
to any other relief to which Corporation may be entitled, Corporation
shall be entitled to enforce the covenant by injunctive or other
equitable relief ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.

**VENUE; COURT PROCEEDINGS**

The Employee and the Corporation hereby agree that the venue of any
action, proceeding, counterclaim, crossclaim, or other litigation
relating to, involving, or resulting from the enforcement of this
covenant shall be in \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. In any action or proceeding by
Employee relating to or involving the enforcement of the covenant, and
any counterclaim, crossclaim or other litigation which may be asserted
or brought against Corporation, the Employee hereby expressly waives any
and all right to a trial by jury with respect to the action, proceeding
or other litigation resulting from or involving the enforcement of this
covenant. Further, in any action or proceeding by Corporation to obtain
a temporary restraining order and/or preliminary injunction, Employee
hereby agrees that the Corporation shall not be required to post an
injunction bond in excess of the principal sum of \[AMOUNT\] in order to
obtain a temporary restraining order and/or preliminary injunction.
Should the Corporation\'s action for a temporary restraining order
and/or motion for preliminary injunction be granted in whole or in part
and should Corporation be ultimately unsuccessful in obtaining a
permanent injunction to enforce the covenant, Employee hereby waives any
and all rights Employee may have against Corporation for any injuries or
damages, including consequential damages, sustained by the Employee and
arising directly or indirectly from the issuance of the temporary
restraining order and/or preliminary injunction.

**INDEMNIFICATION**

The Employee hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Corporation and its
officers, directors, shareholders and employees harmless from and
against any loss, claim, damage or expense, and/or all costs of
prosecution or defense of their rights hereunder, whether in judicial
proceedings, including appellate proceedings, or whether out of court,
including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, attorneys\'
fees, and all costs and expenses of litigation, arising from or growing
out of the Employee\'s breach or threatened breach of any covenant
contained herein.

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

The Employee acknowledges that when this Agreement is concluded, the
Employee will be able to earn a living without violating the foregoing
restrictions and that the Employee\'s recognition and representation of
this fact is a material inducement to the execution of this Agreement
and to Employee\'s continued relationship with the Corporation.

**SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS **

All restrictive covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.
