**INSTALLMENT NOTE -- BANK DEPOSIT AS COLLATERAL**

This Installment Note With Bank Deposit as Collateral (the \"Note\") is
made and effective the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[MAKER NAME\]** (the \"Maker\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[INSTITUTION NAME\]** (the \"Institution\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

1.  **TERMS OF NOTE**

For value received, Maker promises to pay to the order of Financial
Institution the principal sum of \[AMOUNT\] with interest thereon at
\[%\] per year in installment as follows:

\[NUMBER\] monthly installments of \[AMOUNT\] each, beginning on
\[DATE\], and on the same date of

each month thereafter, ending on \[DATE\].

1.  **BANK DEPOSIT COLLATERAL**

Maker shall furnish collateral security for the indebtedness evidenced
by this note by depositing with Institution on \[DATE\], \[AMOUNT\] for
credit to the loan account number, in this note referred to as loan
account, and an equal amount is to be deposited at regular \[MONTHLY\]
intervals thereafter, until the total sum equal to the face amount of
this note is deposited.

1.  **DEFAULT IN DEPOSITS**

If Maker fails to deposit money as agreed in Section 2, Maker shall pay
to Institution, as liquidated damages, \[CENTS\] for each dollar not
deposited.

1.  **PERSONAL LOAN ACCOUNT AS PAYMENT OF NOTE**

When this note matures, by acceleration or any other manner, Institution
may apply the amount on deposit in the personal loan account against the
amount owing on this note. However, Maker shall still be liable for any
indebtedness represented by this note that remains unpaid after this
application.

1.  **SECURITY INTEREST IN OTHER PROPERTY IN POSSESSION OF INSTITUTION**

As security for the payment of this note and for the payment of all
other debt of Maker to Institution, including debt of every kind and
description, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to

become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and regardless of how the
debt is evidenced, Maker grants to bank a continuing lien on all
instruments, documents of title, policies of insurance, deposits,
moneys, or any other property now or hereafter owned by Maker now or
hereafter in the possession or under the control of Institution.

1.  **ACCELERATION ON DEFAULT**

This note shall become immediately due at the option of Institution or
other holder of this note without demand or notice on the occurrence of
any of the following events: (a) failure to deposit the appropriate

amount in the loan account as specified in Section 2; (b) the death of,
dissolution of, or beginning of any action to dissolve Maker or any
indorser of this note; (c) commencement of any proceeding by or against
any Maker or any endorser under the federal Bankruptcy Act or any other
present or future state or federal insolvency laws; (d) failure of Maker
to furnish on request of Institution additional security satisfactory to
Institution for this note within \[NUMBER\] days after demand by
Institution for such additional security; or (e) failure to pay any
other obligation now or hereafter owing to Institution or any other
holder of this note by Maker or by any endorser.

1.  **WAIVER OF PRESENTMENT, PROTEST, AND NOTICE OF DISHONOR**

Maker and each endorser of this note waive presentment, protest, and
notice of dishonor and any other notice that may be required.

1.  **POWERS OF INSTITUTION IN DEALING WITH NOTE**

Maker and each endorser authorize Institution to do the following
without giving notice and without affecting the liability of any maker
or endorser: (a) date this note; (b) fill in any blank spaces in this
note

according to the terms on which Institution grants the loan; (c) correct
patent errors; (d) cause the signature of one or more additional Maker
or indorsers to be added to this note at any time; (e) extend the time
of payment of this note in whole or in part; (f) sell, exchange,
surrender, or otherwise deal with the property now or hereafter securing
this note; (g) assign this note or any security therefor to any other
person.

1.  **CHOICE OF LAWS**

This note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] in all respects, including matters of
construction, validity, and performance.

1.  **JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY**

The Maker and endorsers of this note shall be jointly and severally
liable.

1.  **CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT**

Maker and each endorser of this note authorize any attorney at law to
appear in any court of record in \[STATE/PROVINCE\] or any other state
or territory of \[COUNTRY\] after this note becomes due, by
acceleration, or otherwise, and admit the maturity of this note, waive
the issuing and service of process, and confess judgment against each
maker or endorser in favor of Institution or any other holder of this
note for the amount then appearing due and the costs of collection,
including reasonable attorney fees and legal costs. Each maker and each
indorser shall also waive all errors, rights of appeal, and stays of
execution. This is a joint and several warrant of attorney.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Guaranty to be duly
executed as of the day and year written below.

MAKER INSTITUTION

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
