**PROMISSORY NOTE**

This Promissory Note (the \"Note\") is made and effective the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN:** **\[LENDER NAME\]** (the \"Lender\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[BORROWER NAME\]** (the \"Borrower\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

1.  **TERMS**

\
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned Borrower hereby jointly and
severally promise to pay to the order of Lender the sum of \[AMOUNT\],
together with interest thereon at the rate of \[%\] per annum on the
unpaid balance.\
\
Said sum shall be paid in the following manner: All payments shall be
first applied to interest and the balance to principal. This note may be
prepaid, at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty. This note
shall be at the option of any holder thereof be immediately due and
payable upon the occurrence of any of the following:

1.  Failure to make any payment due hereunder within days of its due
    date.

2.  Breach of any condition of any security interest, mortgage, loan
    agreement, pledge agreement or guarantee granted as collateral
    security for this note.

3.  Breach of any condition of any loan agreement, security agreement or
    mortgage, if any, having a priority over any loan agreement,
    security agreement or mortgage on collateral granted, in whole or in
    part, as collateral security for this note.

4.  Upon the death, incapacity, dissolution or liquidation of any of the
    undersigned, or any endorser, guarantor to surety hereto.

5.  Upon the filing by any of the undersigned of an assignment for the
    benefit of creditors, bankruptcy or other form of insolvency, or by
    suffering an involuntary petition in bankruptcy or receivership not
    vacated within \[NUMBER\] days. In the event this note shall not be
    in default and placed for collection, then the undersigned agree to
    pay all reasonable attorney fees and costs of collection.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PAYMENTS**

    a.  Payments not made within \[NUMBER\] days of due date shall be
        subject to a late charge of \[%\] of said payment.

    b.  This Note may be paid in full without penalty.

    c.  All payments hereunder shall be made to such address as may from
        time to time be designated by any holder.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **BINDING AGREEMENT**

The undersigned and all other parties to this note, whether as
endorsers, guarantors or sureties, agree to remain fully bound until
this note shall be fully paid and waive demand, presentment and protest
and all notices hereto and further agree to remain bound notwithstanding
any extension, modification, waiver, or other indulgence or discharge or
release of any obligation or hereunder or exchange, substitution, or
release of any collateral granted as security for this note.\
\
No modification or indulgence by any holder hereof shall be binding
unless in writing; and any indulgence on any one occasion shall not be
an indulgence for any other or future occasion. Any modification or
change in terms, hereunder granted by any holder hereof, shall be valid
and binding upon each of the undersigned, notwithstanding the
acknowledgement of any of the undersigned, and each of the undersigned
does hereby irrevocably grant to each of the others a power of attorney
to enter into any such modification on their behalf. The rights of any
holder hereof shall be cumulative and not necessarily successive.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This note shall take effect as a sealed instrument and shall be
construed, governed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\].\

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Promissory Note to
be duly executed as of the date first written below.

LENDER BORROWER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

State of \[STATE\]

County of \[COUNTY\]

On \[DATE\] before me, \[NAME OF NOTARY\], notary, personally appeared
\[NAME OF PERSON(S) INVOLVED\], personally known to me (or proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person(s) whose name(s)
is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument.

Witness my hand and official seal.

Signature[ ]{.underline} Notary

(*Seal*)

     
