**PROMISSORY NOTE -- LINE OF CREDIT**

This Promissory Note Payable on Demand (the \"Note\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[LENDER NAME\]** (the \"Lender\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[BORROWER NAME\]** (the \"Borrower\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,** **Borrower promises to pay to the order of Lender,
the principal sum of \[AMOUNT\], or so much thereof as may be disbursed
to, or for the benefit of the Borrower by Lender in Lender\'s sole and
absolute discretion. It is the intent of the Borrower and Lender
hereunder to create a line of credit agreement between Borrower and
Lender whereby Borrower may borrow up to \[AMOUNT\] from Lender;
provided, however, that Lender has no obligation to lend Borrower any
amounts hereunder and the decision to lend such money lies in the sole
and complete discretion of the Lender.

1.  **INTEREST & PRINCIPAL **

The unpaid principal of this line of credit shall bear simple interest
at the rate of \[%\] per annum. Interest shall be calculated based on
the principal balance as may be adjusted from time to time to reflect
additional advances made hereunder. Interest on the unpaid balance of
this Note shall accrue monthly but shall not be due and payable until
such time as when the principal balance of this Note becomes due and
payable. The principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable on
\[DATE\]. There shall be no penalty for early repayment of all or any
part of the principal.

1.  **SECURITY**

This Note shall be secured by a mortgage (\"Mortgage\") upon certain
property owned by the Borrower located in \[CITY\], \[STATE\] and
described as \[DESCRIBE\].

1.  **DEFAULT**

The Borrower shall be in default of this Note on the occurrence of any
of the following events: (i) the Borrower shall fail to meet its
obligation to make the required principal or interest payments
hereunder. (ii) the Borrower shall be dissolved or liquidated; (iii) the
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall
be unable to, or shall admit in writing their inability to pay their
debts as they become due; (iv) the Borrower shall commence any case,
proceeding, or other action under any existing or future law of any
jurisdiction relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
relief of debtors, or any such action shall be commenced against the
undersigned; (v) the Borrower shall suffer a receiver to be appointed
for it or for any of its property or shall suffer a garnishment,
attachment, levy or execution.

1.  **REMEDIES **

Upon default of this Note, Lender may declare the entire amount due and
owing hereunder to be immediately due and payable. Lender may also use
all remedies in law and in equity to enforce and collect the amount owed
under this Note. Borrower hereby waives demand, presentment, notice of
dishonor, diligence in collecting, grace and notice of protest.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Promissory Note to
be duly executed as of the date first written below.

LENDER BORROWER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
