**SECURED INSTALLMENT NOTE**

This Secured Installment Note (the \"Note\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[MAKER NAME\]** (the \"Maker\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[INSTITUTION NAME\]** (the \"Institution\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

1.  **TERMS OF NOTE**

For value received, Maker promises to pay to the order of Institution,
the principal sum of \[AMOUNT\] with interest thereon at \[%\] per annum
in installments as follows:

\[NUMBER\] monthly installments of \[AMOUNT\] each, beginning on
\[DATE\], and on the same date of

each month thereafter, ending on \[DATE\].

1.  **PREPAYMENT OF NOTE**

If this note is prepaid in full before \[DATE\], Institution shall
charge Maker \[AMOUNT\] to cover acquisition costs of Institution.

1.  **ACCELERATION ON DEFAULT**

If any installment due on this note is not paid at the time and place
specified in this note, the entire unpaid balance shall be payable
immediately at the election of Institution.

1.  **COLLATERAL**

To secure the payment of this note, Maker has pledged with Institution
the following property:

\[DESCRIBE\]

with a market value of \[AMOUNT\] as of \[DATE\[.

Maker also pledges as collateral any additions to or substitutions for
the pledged property, together with all money and other property held by
Institution on deposit or otherwise for the account of Maker or in which
Maker has an interest.

1.  **ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL**

Institution may call for additional collateral if Institution determines
in its sole discretion that additional collateral is necessary for its
protection. If Maker fails to supply the additional collateral that
Institution calls for within \[NUMBER\] days from the date of request,
this note shall, at the option of Institution, become immediately due
and payable.

1.  **SALE OF COLLATERAL ON DEFAULT**

On default by Maker of any obligation of this note, Institution may
immediately, and without notice or advertisement, sell at public or
private auction the collateral pledged under this note. If the sale is
public,

Institution may purchase the collateral or any part thereof.

1.  **PROCEEDS OF SALE**

After deducting all expenses incident to the sale of the collateral
under Section 6, the proceeds from the sale of the collateral shall be
applied by Institution to the payment of this note. The balance, if any,
of the proceeds shall be returned to Maker.

1.  **EFFECT OF WAIVER OF RIGHTS BY INSTITUTION**

Institution is not under any obligation to exercise any of its rights
under this note, and failure of Institution to exercise its rights under
this note or to delay in exercising any of its rights shall not be
deemed a waiver of or in any manner impair any of the rights of
Institution.

1.  **RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF INSTITUTION CUMULATIVE**

The rights and remedies of Institution specified in this note are
cumulative and do not exclude any other rights or remedies Institution
may otherwise have.

1.  **ACCELERATION ON INSOLVENCY OF MAKER**

If Maker shall be adjudged a bankrupt, or file a petition in bankruptcy,
or have a petition in bankruptcy filed against , this note shall become
due and payable immediately without demand or notice.

1.  **WAIVER OF PRESENTMENT, PROTEST, AND NOTICE OF DISHONOR**

All parties to this note, whether Maker, indorsers, sureties,
guarantors, or otherwise, hereby waive all acts on the part of
Institution required in fixing the liability of the party, including
among other things

presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest,
notice of nonpayment, and any other notice.

1.  **DELINQUENCY CHARGE**

If any installment of this note is not paid when due and remains unpaid
for a period more than \[NUMBER\] days, a delinquency charge of \[%\] of
each installment that is delinquent or \[AMOUNT\], whichever is \[LESS
OR MORE\], shall be due and payable by Maker.

1.  **COSTS OF COLLECTION**

Maker shall pay on demand all costs of collection, including legal
expenses and attorney fees, incurred by Institution in enforcing this
note on default.

1.  **ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF NOTE**

Maker acknowledges receipt of a true copy of this note and certifies
that all blank spaces in this note were completed and filled in before
it was signed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Secured Installment
Note to be duly executed as of the date first written below.

MAKER INSTITUTION

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
