**AFFILIATE PROGRAM AGREEMENT**

This Affiliate Program Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Owner\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

**AND: \[RECIPIENT NAME\]** (the \"Recipient\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

**RECITALS**

A.  The name of this affiliate program is the \[INSERT NAME\] Affiliate
    Program (the "Affiliate Program").

B.  The Recipient represents and warrants to the Owner that the
    Recipient has read and understand the Privacy Policies and agree to
    the terms set forth therein.

C.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "the Recipient" refers to
    the individual or legal entity who applies for and is accepted into
    the Affiliate Program. The term "the Owner" refers to the sponsor of
    the Affiliate Program. The term "the Owner's web site" refers to the
    web site that the Owner maintains at \[ADDRESS\]. The term "the
    Recipient's web site" refers to the web site on which the Recipient
    agrees to place a link to the Owner's web site as specified in the
    Exhibit B hereof. "Merchandise" means all products, merchandise and
    stock that is offered by the Owner for sale through its web site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **AFFILIATE PROGRAM REGISTRATION **

To register for the Affiliate Program, the Recipient must complete and
submit to the Owner an Affiliate Program Application Form. The Affiliate
Program Application Form is included on the Owner's web site and can be
completed and submitted through its web site.

1.  **APPROVAL OR REJECTION OF AFFILIATE PROGRAM APPLICATION **

The Owner reserves the right to approve or reject ANY Affiliate Program
Application in its sole and absolute discretion. The Recipient will have
no legal recourse against the Owner for the rejection of the Recipient
Affiliate Program Application.

1.  **REASONS FOR REJECTION **

Without limiting the right to reject any application for any reason
whatsoever in the Owner's absolute discretion, the Recipient application
will be rejected if it is non complete, if the Recipient's web site
contains images or content that is not acceptable to Owner or is
inconsistent with the image that the Owner wishes to create in
association with its web site, or if the Recipient's web site contains
any illegal, immoral, repulsive, defamatory, derogatory, harassing,
harmful, threatening, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, racial or ethnic
objectionable materials, depicts sexual situations, promotes
discrimination on the basis of race, sex, sexual preference, national
origin, ethnicity, nationality, disability, religious preference, or if
the Recipient's site contains any material that appears to Owner to
violate any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, confidential
information, or other property rights of any other party.

1.  **TERMINATION AFTER ACCEPTANCE **

Even after the Owner has accepted the Recipient as an Affiliate Program
member, the Owner reserves the absolute right to rescind or terminate
the Recipient affiliate status for any reason in its sole and absolute
discretion, including but not limited to the reasons set forth above.

1.  **FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILIITES **

The Recipient will be fully responsible for all costs and expenses of
maintaining and marketing the Affiliate Program, including but not
limited to all costs associated with the creations, hosting,
modification, and improvements to the Recipient's web site, costs of
search engine placement and other Internet marketing, costs of inserting
the Owner's links into its web site, offline marketing costs, postage
costs, and all other costs and expenses, and the Recipient hereby holds
the Owner harmless from or against the same.

1.  **NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING INCOME POTENTIAL **

The Owner makes no representations and warranties regarding potential
income that may result from participation in this Affiliate Program and
specifically disclaims any and all warranties relative to earning
potential from the Recipient affiliate status.

a.  The Recipient will only be permitted to use the links that the Owner
    provided to the Recipient on the web site that the Recipient
    designate in the Affiliate Program Application. Any additional web
    sites or entities will require additional submissions of Affiliate
    Program Applications and approval by the Owner .

b.  The Recipient will not modify the links or other materials that the
    Owner provided to the Recipient or the placement of the links on the
    Recipient's page. The Recipient consent to the Owner monitoring the
    Recipient's web site to determine continued compliance with this
    Agreement.

c.  The Recipient consent to the Owner including information relative to
    traffic from the Recipient's site in the Owner reports. This
    information may be provided to outside parties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **CUSTOMER SERVICE**

    a.  The Owner will be responsible for handling all customer
        inquiries, product orders, customer billing and collection,
        product shipment relative to customers that enter the Owner's
        site through the links from the Recipient's site. Pricing of the
        Owner products and services is totally within its discretion and
        the Owner reserves the right to change the pricing structure,
        terminate any special offers, discontinue products or services,
        or change the terms under which products or services are offered
        at any time, without any advanced notice to the Recipient or
        users accessing the Owner's site. The Owner's only
        responsibility to the Recipient in this regard is to track
        customer orders that occur through links from the Recipient's
        web site and make reports to the Recipient of the commissions
        due to the Recipient as a result thereof. All such reports shall
        be un-audited. The Owner will have no obligation to provide the
        Recipient with any specific information relative to any
        customer, regardless of whether they access the Owner's site
        through the link from the Recipient's site.

    b.  The Owner is not responsible for the failure to assign any sale
        or commissions to the Recipient if the same results from the
        improper formatting of the link from the Recipient's web site.
        The Recipient should assure at all times that the link is
        appropriately formatted and report any problems that the
        Recipient may have with the same to the Owner immediately.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Commissions will only be paid on sales that are tracked through the
    Owner's online tracking system and indicate the Recipient's web
    site's link as the source. There is no right to commissions if a
    user later returns to the Owner's site and makes a purchase through
    another link or source other than through the Recipient's web site.
    The Recipient has no right to commissions based upon subsequent
    sales, even if the customer first arrived at the Owner's site
    through the link from the Recipient's site. Commissions will only be
    tracked and paid when the user makes a purchase on the same visit
    that the user visits the Owner's site from the link to its site on
    the Recipient's site.

b.  The Owner will pay commission only upon collection by the Owner. The
    Recipient has no right to commissions until the applicable customer
    has paid the Owner in full. Only purchases that are made through the
    Owner's online ordering process will count towards commission
    calculations. For example, if a customer visits the Owner's web site
    through the link from the Recipient's web site and instead of
    placing an online order calls and places an order via telephone, the
    Recipient will have no right to any commission from that sale.

c.  Commissions will be paid to the Recipient on a monthly basis on or
    about the \[DAY\] of the subsequent month for amounts received by
    the Owner during the previous month. The Owner does not guarantee an
    exact date of calculation of commissions or payments. All payments
    will be made via company check sent to the address that the
    Recipient supplied in the Affiliate Program Application. The Owner
    does not send payment if the total commission due to the Recipient
    is not at least \[AMOUNT\]. Amounts below \[AMOUNT\] will accrue to
    the Recipient account and payment will be made for the month when
    the Recipient's total commissions achieve the minimum \[AMOUNT\].
    The Owner reserves the right to amend the minimum commission payment
    amount at any time.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **CUSTOMERS' PROVENANCE**

All parties who make purchases through the Owner's web site, regardless
of whether they may have reached its web site through the link from the
Recipient's web site, are deemed to be the Owner's customers and not the
Recipient's customers relative to the Owner's products and services. The
Owner will have the right to contact these customers and send future
marketing offers to them. The Recipient will have no right to
commissions on subsequent purchases that may be made by these customers,
except for subsequent purchases that may be traced at the time of
purchase through a link from the Recipient's web site. Additionally, all
such customers and purchases will be subject to the Owner policies,
procedures, rules and regulations and the Recipient has no right or
authority to amend or offer any different offers relative to the
purchase of products from the Owner's web site. The Owner however,
reserves the right to amend any of its terms, conditions, policies,
procedures, pricing, payment policies, collection policies, and all
other items relative to the Owner's business and sale of products at any
time in its sole discretion.

a.  The Recipient will have a non-exclusive, limited term license to use
    the trademarks, logos, and copyrighted material that the Owner
    provided to the Recipient for use solely on the home page that the
    Recipient designate in the Recipient Affiliate Program Application.
    The Recipient may only use the images that the Owner specifically
    makes available to the Owner Affiliate Members at the area of its
    web site that is specifically designated as approved images for
    Affiliate Program Members. The Recipient may not distribute,
    reproduce, modify, amend, these images in any way. The Recipient may
    use these images only for the purposes of promoting the Owner's web
    site and products on the Recipient's web site in compliance with the
    Affiliate Program policies and procedures and the terms of this
    Agreement. The license so granted is subject to complete compliance
    with all terms and conditions of this Agreement and any policies the
    Owner may create and amend from time to time regarding the Affiliate
    Program.

b.  The Recipient will only use such items in the form, size, content,
    and appearance that the Owner provided them to the Recipient. The
    Recipient is not permitted to modify them. The Recipient agrees to
    display these items prominently on its web site. These items may
    only be used in if they contain a hypertext link to the Owner's web
    site. This license shall immediately terminate upon the termination
    from the Affiliate Program. The Owner may also terminate this
    license upon notice to the Recipient in the event that the
    Recipient's use of these items is contrary to or does not conform
    with its standards, such standards to be determined in its sole and
    absolute discretion. The Recipient agrees that the Owner retains all
    right, title and interest in and to all such materials. The Owner
    will retain all goodwill and other value associated with any of
    these materials. The Recipient will not gain any trademark,
    copyright or other proprietary rights to such materials. The
    Recipient agrees not to take any action that is contrary to or
    inconsistent with the Owner rights to these materials. The Recipient
    will not use these materials in any way that is damaging,
    defamatory, disparaging, derogatory, or negative to the Owner or
    that paints the Owner in a false or negative light. The Owner may
    revoke the limited license granted hereunder at any time in writing
    to the Recipient. Upon termination or revocation, the Recipient will
    immediately cease from any use this material.

c.  The Recipient is not permitted to use any other proprietary
    materials, including but not limited to trademarks, copyrights,
    logos, text, and any other materials that belong to the Owner or to
    any other party and which may appear on the Owner's web site.

d.  The Recipient grants to the Owner a non-exclusive right and license
    to use the Recipient's trademarks, trade names, service marks,
    business names, web page titles, slogans, logos, and copyrighted
    materials for the purposes of promoting, advertising, announcing, or
    marketing the Recipient participation in the Owner Affiliate
    Program. The Recipient represents and warrants to the Owner that no
    other party has any rights in and to any of these materials and that
    these materials do not infringe upon or otherwise interfere with the
    rights of any other party. The Recipient represents and warrants to
    be the absolute, sole and exclusive owner of all such materials and
    the owner of all trademark rights, copyrights, and other proprietary
    rights in and to the same. The Recipient represents to have the
    right, power, and authority to license said materials to the Owner
    as aforesaid and that the Recipient is not under any legal or
    contractually limitation on the right to so license these materials.
    The Owner has no obligation to announce, advertise, market, or
    promote the Recipient participation in the Owner Affiliate Program,
    but reserves the right to do the same at its sole discretion.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PRODUCT AVAILABILITY**

The Owner cannot guarantee product availability or the term of any price
or special promotion or offer.

1.  **RESPONSABILITIES**

The Recipient is responsible for all matters pertaining to the Recipient
own web site including its development, maintenance, operation and
placing links on the Recipient's site in compliance with the terms of
the Affiliate Program. The Recipient is completely responsible for all
items that appear on its site and for assuring that such items do not
infringe upon or violate the rights of any other party. The Owner is not
responsible for any matter pertaining to the Recipient's site or the
content thereof and the Recipient holds the Owner harmless and
indemnifies the Owner from any and all claims, suits, threats, demands,
liabilities, actions, causes of action related in any way to the
Recipient's web site and business. Such indemnity includes the Owner
costs and attorney fees in defending any such matter. The Recipient
represents and warrants to the Owner that its site does not and will not
contain any materials that are illegal and that the Recipient's site is
not operated for an illegal purpose or in an illegal manner.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

The Recipient hereby represents and warrants to the Owner to have the
complete power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this
Agreement constitutes a valid and legally enforceable agreement. The
entry of this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary corporate or other organizational actions and approvals. The
Recipient's entry of this Agreement is not prohibited by the terms of
any document, is not contrary to any law, rule or regulations, and is
not in violation of any court or administrative order.

1.  **TERM**

The effectiveness of this Agreement shall not commence until the
Recipient Affiliate Program Application is accepted by the Owner. The
effectiveness hereof and binding effect shall occur upon the Owner
acceptance of the Recipient Affiliate Program Application. This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until terminated by the
Recipient or by the Owner. Either the Owner or the Recipient may
terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving
the other party written notice of termination in compliance with this
Agreement. Notices sent hereunder shall be via Email to the Recipient at
the Email address indicated in the Recipient Affiliate Program
Application. Any and all notices to the Recipient via Email at such
address shall be deemed to be effective notice to the Recipient for all
purposes.

1.  **TERMINATION**

The Recipient will forfeit all right to receive past commissions that
may have accrued to the Recipient if this Agreement is terminated as a
result of the Recipient failure to comply with the terms of this
Agreement or any policies and procedures of Affiliate Program that may
be established and amended by the Owner in its discretion from time to
time. If this Agreement is terminated for any other reason, the
Recipient will have a right to receive its accrued commissions through
the effective date of termination; provided, that if the Recipient total
commissions due hereunder do not exceed \[AMOUNT\], such accrued
commission shall be forfeited. The Owner has the right to withhold final
commission payments for sufficient time in order to assure that the
amount paid to the Recipient is accurate and not subject to later
adjustment for returns or any other reason. If following final payment
the Owner determines that the amount of commissions that the Recipient
were paid was too high, as a result of subsequent returns or any other
adjustment or reason, the differential shall be a debt from the
Recipient to the Owner and the Owner shall have all legal right to
receive a refund of such overpaid commission from the Recipient.

1.  **MODIFICATIONS**

The Owner reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion, to
modify any terms and conditions of the Affiliate Program and the terms
and conditions of this Agreement upon notice to the Recipient. Notice of
any changes may be given via Email to the Recipient or by posting such
changes in the Affiliate Program sections of the Owner's web site. Such
changes and modifications will take effect upon transmission of Email or
posting on the Owner's web site. The Recipient may terminate
participation in the Affiliate Program in the event that any of these
modifications are unacceptable to the Recipient and such termination
shall be the Recipient sole and exclusive remedy. In the event that the
Recipient continues to participate in the Affiliate Program following
such modifications, the Recipient will be deemed by the Recipient
continued participation to accept any and all such changes.

1.  **LIABILITIES**

    a.  THE OWNER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
        RELATED TO ANY DOWNTIME OR FAILURE FOR USERS TO BE ABLE TO
        ACCESS ITS WEB SITE OR TO ACCESS ITS WEB SITE USING THE LINK
        FROM THE RECIPIENT'S WEB SITE. FURTHERMORE, THE OWNER SHALL NOT
        BE RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES
        RELATED TO ITS WEB SITE, THE AFFILIATE PROGRAM, THE RECIPIENT
        PARTICIPATION IN THE AFFILIATE PROGRAM, THE RECIPIENT ABILITY TO
        MAKE ANY COMMISSIONS OR OTHERWISE PROFIT THROUGH PARTICIPATION
        IN THIS AFFILIATE PROGRAM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
        WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
        MERCHANTIBILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY CLAIM MADE BASED UPON
        THE OWNER'S COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. THE OWNER DOES
        NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ITS WEB SITE OR ANY APPLICATION,
        INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ITS LINK TRACKING FEATURES, WILL BE
        ERROR FREE OR THAT THEY WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION.

    b.  THE OWNER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT
        DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES OF ANY NATURE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
        TO INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, LOSS
        PROFITS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES;
        REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE OWNER WAS OR HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
        POSSIBILITY OF THE SAME AND TOOK NO ACTION TO PREVENT THE SAME.

    c.  Without limiting the forgoing, the Owner total liability for any
        damages arising hereunder shall never exceed the total
        commissions paid and payable by the Owner pursuant to the terms
        hereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

In the event that any information is disclosed to the Recipient through
the Recipient participation in the Affiliate Program related in any way
to the Owner company and business which the Owner deem to be
confidential and proprietary, the Recipient agrees to hold such
information in the strictest of confidence and not to disclose such
information to any other party or to use any such information for the
Recipient own purposes. Confidential information will include any
information regarding the Owner changes or modifications to this
Agreement or this Affiliate Program (which the Owner shall have no
obligation to make) or any special treatment that the Recipient may
receive (which the Owner reserves the right to provide in its sole
discretion to any affiliate). Confidential information shall also
include any and all information related to the Owner's business,
business plans, marketing plans, user statistics, financial information,
pricing, profits, membership information, affiliations, sales
information, and all other information which the Owner considers to be
confidential and proprietary.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

The Recipient hereby indemnifies and holds the Owner, and all of the
Owner stockholders, officers, directors, employees, contractors,
affiliates, agents, successors and assigns harmless from and against any
and all claims, liabilities, damages, actions, causes of action, suits,
threats, demands, settlements, including all costs and attorney fees
related thereto, that the Owner may incur and which are based in whole
or in part upon the Recipient participation in the Affiliate Program,
any claims that any of the Recipient trademarks and other proprietary
material infringe upon the rights of any other party, the Recipient
breach of any term, covenants, condition, representation or warranty
contained in this Agreement or any policies of participation in the
Affiliate Program, or any claim related directly or indirectly to the
Recipient use, operation or the content of the Recipient's web site.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Any and all legal actions relative hereto shall be
in the courts of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES**

The parties hereto are independent contractors and nothing contained
herein shall be interpreted as creating any relationship other than that
of independent contracting parties. The parties shall not be construed
as being partners, joint venturers, shareholders, employer/employee,
agent/servant. The Recipient has no power or authority to bind the Owner
to any obligation, agreement, debt or liability. The Recipient shall not
hold itself out as an agent or representative of the Owner.

1.  **NOTICES**

Notices to the Owner shall be by certified mail, return receipt
requested addressed to the address contained in this Agreement, or such
other address that the Owner provide notice of to the Recipient via
Email or by posting the same on the Affiliates section of the Owner web
site. Notices to the Recipient shall be by Email addressed to the Email
address that the Recipient provided to the Owner in the Recipient
Affiliate Program Application or by posting such notices on the
Affiliate section of the Owner's web site. It shall be the Recipient
responsibility to check the Affiliate section of the Owner web site
periodically to monitor all notices set forth thereon.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

This Agreement is only for the benefit of the party that the Recipient
list in the Affiliate Program Application. The Recipient shall have not
right to assign this Agreement or any benefits or obligation hereunder
to any other party or legal entity. Any attempted assignment shall be
void.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supercedes any
and all prior discussions, understandings, agreements, representations,
warranties or covenants between the parties related to the subject
matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by a writing signed by
the authorized representative of each of the parties, except as
otherwise set forth herein. Any waiver of a breach or default under this
Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent or other
breach or default and shall not serve to modify the agreements set forth
herein.

If any provision or term of this Agreement is held to be invalid for any
reason, it shall not effect the enforceability of the remainder of this
Agreement or any other term or condition of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

OWNER RECIPIENT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[SCHEDULE A]{.underline}**

**[COMMISSION RATE STRUCTURE]{.underline}**

\[INSERT TERMS OF COMMISSION PAYMENT\]
