**AGREEMENT FOR INTERNET ADVERTISING SERVICES**

This Agreement for Internet Advertising Services (the \"Agreement\") is
made and effective the \[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[ADVERTISING SERVICE PROVIDER NAME\]** (the \"Advertising
Service Provider\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws
of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[CUSTOMER NAME\]** (the \"Customer\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

**RECITALS**

A.  The Advertising Service Provider owns and operates an Internet Site
    located at \[ADDRESS\] (the "Advertising Site") which Advertising
    Site contains graphical and text-based descriptions of advertised
    sites along with a hypertext link to the advertised site. When the
    hypertext link is selected by the party accessing the site ("User"),
    the User is transported to the URL for the advertised site.

B.  The Customer owns and operates an Internet Site located at
    \[ADDRESS\] (the "Advertised Site") and the current subject matter
    of the content of the Advertised Site is described as follows:

\[DESCRIBE\]

a.  The Advertising Service Provider has the right to terminate this
    Agreement if the Advertising Service Provider remove or fail to
    approve any materials that the Customer submits in which case any
    prepaid advertising fee shall be returned to Customer. The Customer
    will not have any damages or other remedies, in law or in equity
    against the Advertising Service Provider for failing to place or
    removing any advertising except for the return of any unused prepaid
    advertising fees.

b.  The Customer may periodically make changes to its advertising
    material which the Advertising Service Provider must also approve.
    The Advertising Service Provider will charge a fee at its standard
    fee schedule rate for making changes to the Customer advertising
    materials on the Advertising Service Provider's site. The Customer
    will provide the Advertising Service Provider with all changed
    materials that Customer desires to integrate. The Advertising
    Service Provider will use its reasonable efforts to make the changes
    that Customer submits within \[NUMBER\] days after the Advertising
    Service Provider approve the same.

c.  The Advertising Service Provider agrees to provide the advertising
    formats as described in Exhibit "B" hereto at the pricing rates
    described in that same Exhibit "B"

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED**

    a.  The Advertising Service Provider does not guarantee any given
        amount of Impressions to Customer's page as a result of its
        advertising services unless a separate Impression Guarantee
        Addendum has been executed by both parties hereto.

    b.  The Advertising Service Provider will use its reasonable efforts
        to make its Advertising Site available for display through the
        World Wide Web. The Advertising Service Provider is not
        responsible for periodic downtime for maintenance, backup, acts
        of God, and other circumstances beyond its control or which are
        a normal part of the Internet business.

    c.  The Advertising Service Provider shall be responsible for
        tracking Impressions to the Customer site through the
        advertisements that are included on its site. The Advertising
        Service Provider will report this information via Email on a
        monthly basis. The Customer will agree to treat this information
        as confidential. The Customer may use it for its internal
        business and marketing planning, but may not disclose it to
        third parties without an advanced written consent.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PLACEMENT OF THE ADVERTISING**

The Advertising Service Provider reserves onto its own discretion all
decisions and matters concerning placement of Customer's advertisement
on pages of the Advertising Service Provider Site, software solutions,
hardware configurations and selection, system components, categories of
advertising, search engine results and search parameters and other
operational and administrative matters pertaining to the construction
and operation of the Advertising Service Provider Site.

In consideration of its advertising services, the Customer agrees to pay
the advertising fees set forth on the fee schedule attached hereto as
Exhibit "C." The Customer will also pay any sales and other taxes based
upon the fees set forth therein. Advertising fees will be paid monthly,
in advance, on or before the first day of every month during the term
hereof. The Advertising Service Provider charge interest and service
charges on monthly accounts that are delinquent at the maximum rates
allowable by law. The Customer will be responsible for all collection
costs and attorney fees if it is necessary to pursue collection efforts
to collect on an account. The Advertising Service Provider reserves the
right to suspend advertising services until Customer's account is
brought current as the Advertising Service Provider as the right to
terminate this Agreement if any advertising fee is delinquent.

1.  **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

The Advertising Service Provider will retain all proprietary rights in
and to its respective sites and other proprietary materials such as
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents and confidential
information. The Advertising Service Provider do not grant the other any
rights in and to such proprietary material except that the Customer
hereby grants the Advertising Service Provider a non-exclusive license
to use the advertising material provided, including its trademarks and
copyrights, and the right to hyperlink to Customer's site from its site
during the term of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement,
the Advertising Service Provider agrees to remove the hyperlink and the
advertising materials provided from its site within a reasonable time.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

    a.  The Customer represents and warrants that the advertising
        provided is not false and misleading, does not contain any
        untrue, defamatory, harmful, abusive, vulgar or obscene
        materials, is in compliance with all applicable laws, does not
        infringe upon the rights of any other party, including but not
        limited to copyrights, trademarks, privacy rights, moral rights,
        trade secrets, patents and any other rights. The Customer also
        warrants and represents that it has the unrestrictive and
        exclusive right to use all such materials.

    b.  The Advertising Service Provider makes no warranties that the
        advertising contained on the Advertising Service Provider Site
        will be free from errors or defects or that the use of the
        hypertext link or access to its site will be uninterrupted. THE
        ADVERTISING SERVICE PROVIDER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS
        AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES
        OF MERCHANABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
        NON-INFRINGEMENT ON THE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES. IN NO EVENT
        SHALL THE ADVERTISING SERVICE PROVIDER BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN
        CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY
        INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST
        SALES OR PROFIT, LOST DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ATTORNEYS\'
        FEES), EVEN IF NOTIFIED IN ADVANCE OF SUCH POSSIBILITY.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

The Customer will indemnify and hold the Advertising Service Provider
harmless from and against any claims, suits, threats, demands,
settlements, actions, causes of action, liabilities, obligations and all
other matters, including but not limited to court costs, attorney fees,
witness fees, settlement fees, and all other direct and indirect
expenses and losses that may occur arising from the breach of any of the
representations and warranties that the Customer has made to the
Advertising Service Provider and otherwise arising directly or
indirectly from the placement of its advertising materials on the
Advertising Service Provider Site.

1.  **FORCE MAJEURE**

The Advertising Service Provider will not be responsible for any failure
or delay in performance hereunder that is directly or indirectly related
to acts of God, storm, natural disaster, act of terrorism, utility
outages or interruptions, system transmission failure, server failure,
strike, lockout, or any other situation which is beyond its control.

1.  **TERMINATION**

The Customer may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, by
giving \[NUMBER\] days advance notice of its intent to terminate. The
Advertising Service Provider reserves the right to terminate this
Agreement for any reason, with or without cause, upon \[NUMBER\] days
written notice to Customer.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto constitute the entire agreement
and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. It supercedes and replaces all previous discussions,
negotiations, and understandings between the parties. This Agreement may
only be amended by a written amendment signed by authorized
representative of both of the companies.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

The Customer is not permitted to assign its rights or responsibilities
hereunder. If any dispute or lawsuit between the parties arises relative
to this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to an award of
reasonable attorney fees and costs.

1.  **NOTICES**

All notices called for herein shall be to the parties at the addresses
contained in this Agreement and shall be by certified mail, return
receipt requested or by reputable national overnight delivery service,
such as Federal Express.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Any and all legal actions relative hereto shall be
in the courts of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

ADVERTISING SERVICE PROVIDER CUSTOMER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[A]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[ADVERISING SPECIFICATIONS]{.underline}**

\[CREATE THE STANDARDS FOR ADVERTISING MATERIALS TO BE PROVIDED FOR
INCLUSION ON THE WEB SITE\]

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[B]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[ADVERTISING FORMATS]{.underline}**

The advertising services initialed below shall be provided pursuant to
this Agreement. Advertising Rates for the various services will be as
described in Exhibit "C".

**Static Display **

The Advertisement will be displayed without rotation on the Host Site.

**Random Display **

The Advertisement will be displayed on the Host Site in random rotation.

**Targeted Result Display **

Customer\'s Advertisement will be displayed on Result Pages in response
to searches by end users to the Host Site on the KEYWORDS.

\[DESCRIBE\]

**Targeted Page Display**

The Advertisement will be displayed on the following specific pages of
the Host Site:

\[DESCRIBE\]

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[C]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[MONTHLY ADVERTISING FEES]{.underline}**

\[CREATE SCHEDULE OF FEES\]
