**CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT**

This Co-Branding Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[ONLINE BUSINESS NAME\]** (the \"Online Business\"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

**AND: \[STRATEGIC PARTNER NAME\]** (the \"Strategic Partner \"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

**RECITALS**

A.  The Online Business is in the business of offering products and
    services as described in Exhibit "A" through it's online site on the
    World Wide Web which is located at \[INSERT ADDRESS\] (the
    \"Business Services\").

B.  Strategic Partner is in the business of offering products and
    service to the general public and does not currently have a presence
    on the World Wide Web that enables customers to purchase its
    products and services online.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  The parties wish to enter into a mutually beneficial business
    relationship whereby Strategic Partner's customers can have access
    to the online Business Services provided by the Online Business
    through the creation of a co-branded Internet Site (the "Co-Branded
    Site") to be located on the server currently utilized by the Online
    Business in connection with it's current Web Site.

B.  The parties wish to agree upon and register a unique Internet domain
    name for the location of the Co-Branded Site.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, including the
mutual promises and agreement set forth herein, the parties hereby agree
as follows:

1.  **CREATION OF CO-BRANDED SITE**

    a.  The Online Business shall be responsible for the development of
        a version of the Online Business' current Web Site which is
        co-branded and contains reference to both the Online Business
        and the Strategic Partner. The Co-Branded Site shall prominently
        display the identification of affiliation with the Strategic
        Partner including the prominent display of the logo and
        trademark of the Strategic Partner. The Co-Branded Site shall be
        functionally equivalent to the Online Business' current Web Site
        except it shall contain the co-branding aspects and features
        identified in this Agreement.

    b.  Strategic Partner shall fully cooperate with the Online Business
        in the creation of the Co-Branded Site and shall promptly upon
        execution hereof deliver to the Online business graphical images
        and text files on Zip disc which shall include the Strategic
        Partner's logo in GIF or JPG format and any textual content
        necessary for the creation of the co-branding aspects of the
        Co-Branded Site.

    c.  The Online Business shall use its reasonable efforts, with full
        cooperation from the Strategic Partner, to create the Co-Branded
        Site and have it fully functional online within \[NUMBER\] days
        following the effective date hereof.

    d.  The parties agree that they shall register the domain name
        \[INSERT ADDRESS\] for use in connection with the Co-Branded
        Site. Online business shall be responsible for registering such
        domain name. The parties acknowledge that they have mutually
        checked for availability of such domain name as of the effective
        date hereof and that such domain name is available.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PROMOTION OF CO-BRANDED SITE**

    a.  The parties shall issue a joint press release announcing the
        affiliation created by this Agreement and the launching of the
        Co-Branded Site. Such press release shall be in mutually
        satisfactory form and content and shall be released through such
        services and agencies that are mutually agreed by the parties.
        The cost of the press release shall be equally shared by the
        parties.

    b.  Strategic Partners represents, warrants, and agrees that it is
        in the mutual interest of both Strategic Partner and Online
        Business that Strategic Partner uses all efforts necessary to
        market and channel business through the Co-Branded Site. To that
        end, Strategic Partner shall use all reasonable commercial
        efforts to maximize the total number of Internet users who gain
        access to the Co-Branded Site. Strategic Partner shall assure
        that the Co-Branded site is listed in all available search
        engines and appears in the appropriate categories and shall make
        all reasonable efforts to maximize search engine result
        placement. Strategic Partner shall establish linking
        arrangements and banner advertising arrangements to promote the
        Co-Branded Site. Strategic Partner shall place prominent links
        to the co-Branded Site in any other internet sites that the
        Strategic Partner creates promoting its business and services.

    c.  Strategic Partner agrees to promote the Co-Branded Site in
        connection with it's offline promotions and part of its normal
        advertising activities. Strategic Partner shall promote the
        co-Branded Site in all of its printed promotional materials, and
        television advertising it may place, at tradeshows and
        conventions, and through print and broadcast new media.
        Strategic Partner further agrees to promote the Co-Branded Site
        through its existing customer base through an Email newsletter
        and through direct mail promotions.

    d.  Strategic Partner agrees to develop and maintain an Internet
        site promoting it's general services and to promote the
        Co-Branded Site on that site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

    a.  Online Business shall retain all right, title and interest in
        and to all of its trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
        patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Strategic
        Partner shall not gain any rights in and to the same by virtue
        of this Agreement or otherwise except as specifically provided
        in this Agreement and subject to all of the terms and conditions
        contained in this Agreement.

    b.  Strategic Partner shall have a non-exclusive, worldwide license
        to use only such trademarks as are provided by the Inline
        Business for use in connection with the promotion of the
        Co-Branding Site. Such license shall only be for the period of
        this Agreement. Such materials shall only be used by the
        Strategic Partner in connection with the promotion of the
        Co-Branded Site and shall only be used in the form that is
        delivered to Strategic Partner by the Online Business. All
        advertising and promotional materials that integrate the
        trademarks of the Online Business shall first be presented to
        the Online business for review and approval in its discretion.

    c.  Strategic Partner shall retain all right, title and interest in
        and to all of its trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
        patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Online
        Business shall not gain any rights in and to the same by virtue
        of this Agreement or otherwise except as specifically provided
        in this Agreement and subject to all of the terms and conditions
        contained in this Agreement.

    d.  Online Business shall have a non-exclusive, worldwide license to
        use only such trademarks as are provided by the Strategic
        Partner for use in connection with the promotion of the
        Co-Branding Site. Such license shall only be for the period of
        this Agreement. Such materials shall only be used by the Online
        Business in connection with the promotion of the Co-Branded Site
        and shall only be used in the form that is delivered to Online
        Business by the Strategic Partner. All advertising and
        promotional materials that integrate the trademarks of the
        Strategic Partner shall first be presented to the Strategic
        Partner for review and approval in its discretion.

    e.  Online Business shall own all Proprietary Rights in and to the
        Co-Branded Site except for the right to use the trademarks of
        the Strategic Partner. Proprietary Rights shall mean and include
        the right in and to the internet domain name selected for use by
        the parties in connection with the Co-Branded Site, all patents,
        copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade dress, trade
        secrets and other intangible rights used or developed in
        connection with the Co-Branded Site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Each party shall take affirmative steps to protect from disclosure
    any and all Confidential Information of the other party and shall
    take the same actions to protect such information that it takes to
    protect its own Confidential Information.

b.  Notwithstanding the above, neither party shall have any obligation
    with respect to information which (i) was rightfully in possession
    of or known to the receiving party without any obligation of
    confidentiality prior to receiving it from the disclosing
    party; (ii) is, or subsequently becomes, legally and publicly
    available without breach of this Agreement; (iii) is rightfully
    obtained by the receiving party from a source other than the
    disclosing party without any obligation of confidentiality; (iv) is
    disclosed by the receiving party under a valid order created by a
    court or government agency, provided that the receiving party
    provides prior written notice to the disclosing party of such
    obligation and the opportunity to oppose such disclosure. Upon
    written demand of the disclosing party, the receiving party shall
    return the Confidential Information and all copies, notes or
    extracts thereof to the disclosing party within \[NUMBER\] days of
    receipt of notice.

c.  Each party acknowledges and agrees that a breach by the other party
    of any of the restrictive covenants contain herein will cause the
    non-breaching party irreparable damage, for which the award of
    damages would not be adequate compensation. As such, the
    non-breaching party shall be entitled to temporary and permanent
    injunctions and other equitable remedies in the event of any breach
    hereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **MUTUAL HOLD HARMLESS**

Each of the parties hereby indemnifies, protects and holds harmless the
other party from and against any and all claims, suits, threats,
demands. Actions, causes of action, liabilities, damages and all costs,
expenses and attorney fees related to (i) any representation and
warranty made by the other party pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) any
claim arising out of the proprietary rights of any third party related
to items that are the responsibility of the indemnifying party pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) any claim arising from the use of
the trademarks and logos of the indemnifying party, (iv) arising out of
the responsibilities of or involvement of the other party with respect
to the Co-Branded Site.

1.  **COMPENSATION**

    a.  Strategic Partner shall be paid an amount equal to \[AMOUNT\]
        for its services in creating the Co-Branded Site. Such amount
        shall be paid as follows:

An amount equal to \[AMOUNT\] on or before the Effective Date of this
Agreement

An amount equal to \[AMOUNT\] on or before \[DATE\].

An amount equal to \[AMOUNT\] on or before the date that the Co-Branded
Site is launched.

a.  Strategic Partner shall pay to Online Business, on a quarterly
    basis, an amount calculated based upon a percentage of total
    advertising revenues received by Strategic Partner for advertising
    on the Strategic Partner's Web Site. The percentage of advertising
    revenues shall be based upon a fraction, the numerator of which
    shall be the total number of Impressions on the Strategic Partner's
    Web Site relative to internet users who arrive at the Strategic
    Partner's Web Site through the Co-Branded Site or the Online
    Business' Web Site. The resulting percentage for the relevant
    calendar quarter shall be multiplied by the total advertising
    revenues received by Strategic Partner for advertising on Online
    Business' Web Site during the applicable calendar quarter to arrive
    at the amount of the quarterly payment to be made to the Strategic
    Partner.

b.  Total advertising revenues for each of the above calculations shall
    be reduced by commissions payable on such advertising revenues.

c.  Each party shall be obligated to pay all taxes relative to the
    advertising revenues that it receives for advertising on its Web
    Site.

d.  Each party shall be responsible for tracking Impressions on its site
    that result from users accessing their respective Web Sites from the
    Co-Branded Site and the Web Site of the other party. Each party
    shall be responsible for keeping true and accurate records regarding
    the total advertising revenues that they receive from their
    respective sites and any deductions for commissions to be paid with
    respect to such advertising revenues. Within \[NUMBER\] days after
    the end of each calendar quarter, each of the parties shall provide
    the other party with a detailed report regarding the calculations of
    the amounts payable by the other for the preceding calendar quarter.
    Such report shall be delivered to the other party together with an
    invoice for the amount due to such party as a result of such
    calculation. The amounts shown as due on such invoice shall be due
    and payable within \[NUMBER\] days after receipt of such invoice.

e.  In the event that there is any dispute with regard to the
    calculation of the amount due by or to either of the parties, the
    disputing party shall notify the other in writing within \[NUMBER\]
    days after receipt of the invoice and report and the calculations
    shall be resolved by an independent accountant that is agreed to by
    the parties and who has not represented either of the parties. If
    the parties are not able to agree on the identity the independent
    accountant to perform such review, the parties shall each select and
    account of their own who shall select the independent account to
    perform such review. The recommendations of the reviewing accountant
    shall be final and binding on the parties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES**

Each of the parties makes the following representations and warranties
to the other party hereto:

a.  The representing party has the full power and unrestricted authority
    to enter into this Agreement. Entering this Agreement and performing
    the obligations hereunder does not conflict with and is not
    prohibited under the terms of any other agreement, document, law,
    rule, regulation or court order to which the representing party is
    subject.

b.  Each of the parties have the full power and unrestricted authority
    to grant the licenses that are granted herein. The granting of such
    licenses does not interfere with the rights of any third party. Each
    party has the full rights in and to all of its Proprietary Rights
    and such Proprietary Rights doe not infringe upon the rights of any
    other party.

c.  THE SERVICES OF THE ONLINE BUSINESS IN CREATING THE CO-BRANDED SITE
    AND IN PERFORMING ANY AND ALL OTHER SERVICES HEREUNDER ARE ON AN "AS
    IS" BASIS AND THE ONLINE BUSINESS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL
    WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ITEMS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
    ONLINE BUSINESS DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ANY COMPONENT OF
    THE CO-BRANDED SITE AND OTHER DELIVERABLES WILL BE FREE FROM ERROR
    OR WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR NEEDS OR DESIRES OF USERS WHO ACCESS THE
    CO-BRANDING SITE. FURTHERMORE, ONLINE BUSINESS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
    FOR AN INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

    a.  The initial term shall be for a period of \[NUMBER\] years.
        Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for
        successive periods of \[NUMBER\] year each unless it is sooner
        terminated pursuant to the terms hereof or unless either party
        gives written notice that it does not wish to renew the term of
        this Agreement at least \[NUMBER\] days and no more than
        \[NUMBER\] days prior to the expiration of the then existing
        term or renewal term.

    b.  Notwithstanding the above, either party may terminate this
        Agreement, with or without cause, upon delivering \[NUMBER\]
        days advanced written notice of its intention to terminate this
        Agreement. Thereafter, this Agreement shall terminate \[NUMBER\]
        days from the date of such written notice.

    c.  Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement upon
        written notice to the other party upon the occurrence of any of
        the following events: (i) the other party files a petition for
        bankruptcy, voluntary or involuntary, (ii) the other party has a
        receiver appointed or makes an assignment for the benefit of its
        creditors, (iii) either party dissolves or ceases to actively
        engage in business, (iv) either party defaults under or
        substantially breaches any obligation hereunder and the same is
        not substantially cured within \[NUMBER\] days after written
        notice from the other party.

    d.  Upon the termination of this Agreement as provided above, the
        parties shall be released from further obligations hereunder
        except for accounting and payment of any fees or compensation
        accrued as of the date of termination of this Agreement, the
        provisions relative to confidentiality, any restrictive covenant
        contained herein, and any damage or liability resulting from the
        breach of any representation and warranty made herein. Within
        ten \[NUMBER\] days from the terminations date, each party shall
        deliver to the other any and all items designated as
        Confidential Information of the other party and all materials
        containing any Proprietary Information of the other. The
        Co-Branded Site shall be taken off line effective on the date of
        termination hereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any previous
written or oral statements, representations, communications or
agreements of every nature shall be merged into the terms of this
Agreement. This Agreement may be modified or amended only in a written
amendment, duly executed by authorized representatives of both of the
parties.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\]. Any and all legal actions relative hereto shall be
in the courts of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **MISCELLANEOUS CLAUSES**

    a.  Neither party shall be liable for delays or failures in
        performance resulting from causes beyond the reasonable control
        of that party, including, but not limited to, acts of God, labor
        disputes or disturbances, material shortages or rationing,
        riots, acts of war, power outages, natural disaster,
        governmental regulations, communication or utility failures, or
        casualties.

    b.  The parties agree that their relationship shall be that of
        independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement or the
        relationship between the parties shall be construed as making
        them joint venturers, partners, employer/employees,
        franchisor/franchisee, master/servant, or any legal relationship
        other than independent contracting parties. Each party shall be
        responsible for their own income taxes and any withholding
        thereof. Neither party shall have the authority, express or
        implied, to act on behalf of the other or to bind the other to
        any contract, obligation, debt, responsibility or obligation of
        any nature or kind.

    c.  Neither party may assign the benefits or obligations under this
        Agreement and any attempt to do so shall be void and of no legal
        effect. Each of the parties recognizes and agrees that the other
        party is relying upon the identity of the other party and the
        owner and principals of the other party in entering into this
        Agreement. Neither party shall be permitted to subcontract any
        obligations contained herein to another party without the
        advanced written notice from the other party. The parties
        specifically agree that there shall be no third party
        beneficiaries to this Agreement.

    d.  In any legal action between the parties relating to the subject
        matter hereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an
        award of all costs and reasonable attorney fees related to such
        action.

    e.  All notice, except for notices of termination, shall be
        transmitted via Email to the relevant party at the Email address
        indicated below or at such other Email address provided by the
        other party in writing. Notices of termination shall be in
        writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by a reputable
        overnight mail service (e.g., Federal Express), or by first
        class mail (certified or registered), or by facsimile confirmed
        by first class mail (registered or certified), to the party at
        the address indicated above. Notices will be deemed
        effective (i) upon transmission, provided such transmission is
        not returned as undeliverable, when such notice may be given via
        Email, (ii) \[NUMBER\] working days after deposit, postage
        prepaid, if mailed, (iii) the next day if sent by overnight
        mail, or (iv) the same day if sent by facsimile and confirmed as
        set forth above.

    f.  Failure by either party to enforce any provision of this
        Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of
        that or any other provision. Any waiver, amendment or other
        modification of any provision of this Agreement will be
        effective only if in writing and signed by the parties.

    g.  If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any
        provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, that provision
        of the Agreement will be enforced to the maximum extent
        permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the
        remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and
        effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

ONLINE BUSINESS STRATEGIC PARTNER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
