**FREE LINKING AGREEMENT**

This Linking Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective the
\[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[TARGET WEBSITE OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Target Web Site
Owner\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with a website located at \[ADDRESS\] and its head
office located at:

**AND: \[LINKING WEBSITE OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Linking Website Owner\"),
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with a website located at \[ADDRESS\] and its head
office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.  **LINKS PROVIDED**

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Target Web Site
Owner hereby grants Linking Website Owner permission to provide a link,
with minimum dimensions of \[NUMBER OF PIXEL BY PIXEL\], in form
provided by Target Web Site and approved in the reasonable discretion of
Linking Web Site Owner, linking from Linking Website Owner \'s Web Site
to the home page of Target Web Site Owner's Web Site. Such link shall be
placed on the home page of the Linking Web Site at a mutually agreeable
prominent location that will be seen by users who load the Linking Web
Site into their web browsers using industry standard (Netscape and
Microsoft Internet Explorer, most current versions) and a 640 by 480 VGA
monitor.

1.  **COMPENSATION**

There shall be no linking fee, royalty or other compensation for the
services of either party or related to the relationship created by this
Agreement.

1.  **REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES**

Neither party makes any representation, warranty or covenant with
respect to the content of their web pages and neither party shall be
liable to the other party for any liability arising from the content of
the other party's web site. Neither party shall have the duty to inform
the other of changes to their respective web sites; each party having
the duty to monitor the content of the web page of the other party.

1.  **TERMINATION**

Either party may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, by
giving \[NUMBER\] days prior notice of intention to terminate. At the
expiration of such \[NUMBER\] day period, the Linking Web Site Owner
shall take all necessary steps to assure that the link is removed from
its Web site.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement is governed by and shall be interpreted under the laws of
the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement is the entire understanding between the parties relating
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings, whether written or oral.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

TARGET WEBSITE OWNER LINKING WEBSITE OWNER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
