**WEB SITE LINKING AGREEMENT**

This Web Site Linking Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[LICENSOR NAME\]** (the \"Licensor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[LICENSEE NAME\]** (the \"Licensee\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, Licensor is the owner and operator of a site on the World Wide
Web which is devoted to \[DESCRIBE\] and which is located at the
following domain address: \[ADDRESS\] (\"Licensor\'s Site\");

WHEREAS, Licensee is the owner and operator of a site on the World Wide
Web which is devoted to \[DESCRIBE\] and which is located at the
following domain address: (\"Licensee\'s Site\");

WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to obtain a graphic link on Licensor\'s Site on
which users of Licensor\'s Site can click to be transported to
Licensee\'s Site; and

WHEREAS, Licensor is willing to provide such a link Licensor's Site for
Licensee, in consideration for receiving compensation as set forth in
this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants
and agreements set forth herein, the Licensor and Licensee agree as
follows:

1.  **LINK GRAPHIC AND POSITION**

Licensor shall place the Licensee\'s Image on the Licensor\'s Home Page
so that the Licensee\'s Link Graphic is immediately visible upon the
first load of Licensor's Home Page by a User when loaded into the
standard industry browsers (Netscape most current version and Microsoft
Internet Explorer most current version) on a standard VGA monitor at 640
by 480 resolution when the browser is running in full screen
configuration. In such configuration, the Licensee\'s Image shall not be
less than \[NUMBER\] pixels by \[NUMBER\] pixels in size. The
Licensee\'s Image when clicked by a User\'s mouse will transport the
User through the User's web browser from Licensor\'s Site to Licensee\'s
Site.

Licensee shall cause the Link placed on Licensor's Site to load to
Licensee's Home Page and shall not place the Link to a page that
automatically reloads or goes to another page without further
interaction from the User.

1.  **COMPENSATION**

ALTERNATIVE I -- FIXED MONTHLY FEE

In consideration for providing the link described in this Agreement,
Licensee shall pay to the Licensor, a monthly fixed fee of \[AMOUNT\]
per month.

ALTERNATIVE II -- FEE BASED ON ADVERTISING REVENUES

In consideration for the linking rights provided by Licensor hereunder,
Licensee shall pay Licensor an amount equal to the "Licensor's Share of
Advertising Revenue" as defined in this Agreement.

The Licensor's Share of Advertising Revenues shall be calculated on a
monthly basis and payment shall be made prior to the end of the month
following the month relative to such calculation. The Licensor's Share
of Advertising Revenues shall be determined by multiplying the Total
Advertising Revenues by the Licensor's Percentage. Licensor\'s
Percentage shall be determined by dividing total number of Hits on the
Licensee\'s Site by Users arriving through the Link during the month of
calculation by the total number of Hits on Licensee\'s Site by all Users
in that calendar month. Total Advertising Revenues shall mean and
include the total gross revenues less only commissions payable with
respect to such advertising revenues from all forms of advertising that
are paid to Licensee during the month of such calculation. For purposes
hereof, an Impression shall be occur upon any User loading any web page
of the Licensee's Site in the User's web browser. Impression shall not
include visits to the Licensee's Site by Licensor or any of it's agents
or employees and Licensor shall be strictly prohibited from taking,
causing or permitting any action by any third party to artificially
increase the number of Hits to Licensee's site through the Licensor's
link.

Licensee shall be responsible for maintaining a system to track the
qualified Hits created through the Licensor's link and shall maintain
records of all such Impression which shall be subject to review by
Licensor upon \[NUMBER\] days written notice to Licensee. Licensee shall
calculate the total number of Impression along with its calculation of
monthly payments due and provide Licensor with a report of such
Impression along with Licensee's monthly statement to the Licensor which
calculates the linking fee that is due to Licensor.

Licensee agrees to keep accurate books and records at its principal
place of business relating to all factors used pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement to arrive at the monthly fee payable to the Licensor,
including but not limited to total Advertising Revenues and associated
commissions total number of Hits to Licensee's web site and total Hits
attributable to Licensor's link. Licensee shall make such records
available for inspection by Licensor at Licensee's principal place of
business upon \[NUMBER\] days written notice from Licensor; provided,
that inspection shall be permitted only once every six months.

Licensee agrees to take all reasonable steps to maintain continued
access to it's web site by the public so as to maximize potential
advertising revenues to it's site. However, all decisions relative to
allocation of advertising space on the Licensee's web site and fees
charged for such advertising shall be in the reasonable business
discretion of the Licensee.

1.  **INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS**

The parties are separate and independent legal entities. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute any
relationship other than that of two parties to a contract, including but
not limited to the relationship of partners, joint venturers, employees,
agency, representative or any other relationship creating apparent,
implied or actual agency or joint responsibility. Neither party shall
have the actual, implied, or apparent authority to bind the other party
to any debt or obligation. There shall be no third party beneficiaries
to this Agreement.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

Each party represents and warrants to the other party that on the
Effective Date and during the entire term of the Agreement:

a.  The representing party has the unrestricted right to enter into this
    Agreement, and this Agreement does not conflict with any other
    agreement or obligation by which such party is bound.

b.  The representing party's Web Site does not violate the proprietary
    rights of any third parties, including without limitation,
    copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other
    rights.

c.  The representing party's Web Site does not violate any laws, rules,
    regulations or statutes of any state, federal or local government.

d.  The representing party's Web Site does not include any material
    which is harmful, pornographic, abusive, hateful, obscene,
    threatening, or defamatory or which encourages illegal activities or
    racism or promotes software or services which deliver unsolicited
    email.

e.  The representing party's Web Site does not contain links to sites
    displaying the type of material defined in (d) above through a
    single connection.

f.  NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO THE OTHER
    PARTY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
    OR OTHERWISE, EXCEPT FOR THIS WARRANTIES SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN
    THIS AGREEMENT. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR
    ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY
    KIND OR NATURE.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

Except as expressly licensed under this Agreement, each party retains
all rights in their respective Web Sites, and each of their respective
trademarks, copyrights, and intellectual property rights.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Each party agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the other
party, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against
any claims, actions, causes of action, suits, threats or demands,
including without limitation reasonable attorney fees and costs,
alleging or resulting from the breach of the warranties made by such
party in this Agreement. The parties shall provide notice to the other
party promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist
the other party, at the other party\'s expense, in defending any such
claim, suit, or proceeding.

1.  **REPORT ON NUMBER OF USERS**

Licensee shall collect and report to Licensor the number of users who
access the Licensee's Home Page from the Link on Licensor's Site. This
information shall be tracked and reported to the Licensor via Email on a
monthly basis.

1.  **ADDITIONAL SITES**

Licensee shall notify Licensor in writing when additional sites are
linked from Licensee's Site. As of the Effective Date, Licensee
represents and warrants that only the sites disclosed to Licensor in
writing on or before the Effective Date hereof are linked from
Licensee's Site. Licensee represents and warrants that throughout the
term hereof Licensee's Site can be viewed by industry standard web
browsers (Netscape and Microsoft Internet Explorer most current
versions).

1.  **COPYRIGHT **

Licensee grants to Licensor a nonexclusive, worldwide license to copy
and publicly display the image which includes the link to Licensee's
Site on Licensor's Site as provided in and subject to the terms of this
Agreement.

1.  **TERM**

This Agreement shall be for a term of \[NUMBER\] year commencing on the
Effective Date and terminating on the \[NUMBER\] year anniversary date
of the Effective Date. This Agreement shall automatically renew for
successive terms of \[NUMBER\] year each unless either party gives
written notice of termination to the other party at lease \[NUMBER\]
days and not more than \[NUMBER\] days prior to the expiration of the
then existing term. Notwithstanding the above, either party may
terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, upon giving \[NUMBER\]
days advance written notice to the other party. Furthermore, this
Agreement may be terminated immediately upon written notice to the other
party in the event of a substantial breach of this Agreement by the
other party.

1.  **TERMINATION**

Licensee or Licensee may terminate the Agreement if the other party
materially alters the content or structure of their respective Web Sites
from the state that it is available via the World Wide Web on the
Effective Date. Each party shall notify the other party via Email of any
material change in the content or structure of their respective Web
Sites.

1.  **ARBITRATION**

The parties agree to submit any dispute arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement, except for any action related to the violation or
infringement of proprietary rights of either party, to binding
arbitration to be held in \[STATE/PROVINCE\] before the \[ASSOCIATION OR
ORGANIZATION\] in compliance with the rules of the \[ASSOCIATION OR
ORGANIZATION\]. Arbitration shall be in lieu of either party's right to
file suit. Any arbitration shall be final and binding and the
arbitrator\'s order will be enforceable in any court of competent
jurisdiction.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This Agreement and the relationship between the parties shall be
interpreted under the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **NOTICES**

All notices and other communications required or provided for in this
Agreement shall be via Email at the Email addresses for the parties set
forth below, except for notices of termination and institutions of
Arbitration or permitted lawsuits, which shall be by Email and by
certified mail, return receipt requested. Such notices shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if sent by Email, in
which case delivery shall be deemed to occur upon transmission, or where
sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, upon placing the same
in the \[COUNTRY\] Mail, postage pre-paid. For purposes hereof, the
following addresses shall be used for the parties which addresses may be
changed by written notice to the other party as set forth in this
Agreement:

If to Licensor: \[MAILING ADDRESS\]

Email Address \[ADDRESS\]

If to Licensee: \[MAILING ADDRESS\]

Email Address \[ADDRESS\]

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the
parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and
supersedes all prior oral or written understandings and agreements
relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be
altered, modified or waived in whole or in part, except in writing,
signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties. No failure or
delay by either party in exercising any rights, power, or remedy under
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power, or
remedy.

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain
in full force and effect as if said provision never existed.

1.  **LIABILITIES**

Neither party shall be held responsible for damages caused by any delay
or default due to any force majeure or act of God or other contingency
that is beyond its control preventing or interfering with performance
hereunder.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

Neither party may sell, assign, or transfer their rights or obligations
under the Agreement without the written consent of the other party. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the permitted successors and
assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

LICENSOR LICENSEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
