**WEB SITE CROSS SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT**

This Web Site Sponsorship Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective the \[DATE\]

**BETWEEN: \[SPONSOR NAME\]** (the \"Sponsor\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[SITE OWNER NAME\]** (the \"Site Owner\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

In consideration of the terms and covenants of this agreement, and other
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

**RECITALS**

A.  Sponsor is the owner and operator of a web site which is located at
    the following URL accessible through the Internet \[ADDRESS\] (the
    \"Sponsor Site\").

B.  Sponsor's Site contains functions which permits users accessing such
    site to search the Internet and identify other web pages that
    contain information identified in the search terms that are input by
    the user.

C.  Sponsor's Site also contains feature that organize links to other
    web pages by topical categories.

D.  Site Owner is the owner and operator of a web site which is located
    at the following URL accessible through the Internet (the "Site
    Owner Site").

E.  Site Owner owns and operates an online business through which the
    Site Owner sells \[DESCRIBE\] and related goods and accessories over
    the Internet.

F.  Sponsor wishes to promote and sponsor the business and web site of
    the Site Owner.

G.  Site Owner wishes to promote and sponsor the Sponsor's web site by
    purchasing certain advertising, links, and banner advertising on the
    Sponsor's Site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **WEB SITE SPONSORSHIP**

    a.  Sponsor agrees to promote Site Owner on Sponsor's web site by
        doing all of the following (i) placing certain graphical and
        text links consistent with such text and graphics used in
        connection with other web sites that are accessed through the
        search function on the Sponsor's Web Site which hyperlinks
        individuals using the search engine component of Sponsor's Web
        Site to the Site Owner's Web Site; Site Owner's site shall
        appear in the search results based upon certain mutually
        acceptable keywords, including but not limited to those keywords
        listed on Exhibit "A" attached hereto; Sponsor shall work with
        the Site Owner to identify a more extensive listing of keywords
        that will result in identifying Site Owner's web page through
        the search engine function on Sponsor's web page;

\(ii\) placing a text or graphical image on the Sponsor's home page
which is consistent with those used with other web sites which promotes
special sales and promotions offered through the Site Owner's web page
and which links to areas on Site Owner's web page that are designated by
Site Owner; such graphical image shall be rotated with other promotions
on Sponsor's home page and shall be accessible to users for \[NUMBER\]
hours per each 24 hour day; (iii) list Site Owner's web site in
Sponsor's listing of "preferred sites" which shall contain no more than
\[NUMBER\] other sites and which shall not contain any other sites which
offer products and services which compete with those offered by Site
Owner; (iv) place a banner advertisement to be provided by Site Owner
and which shall be a minimum of \[NUMBER\] pixels by \[NUMBER\] pixels
in size, which contains a hyperlink to Site Owner's site on the front
page of the \[DESCRIBE\] category of Sponsor's topical category listings
which banner shall be available by all users 24 hours per day throughout
the term of this Agreement and which shall be viewed upon loading such
page without scrolling by the party accessing such page; (v) Sponsor
shall actively promote its Web Site in order to optimize the potential
number of impressions of Site Owner's Web Site through links from
Sponsor's Web Site and to optimize the total number of parties accessing
the Sponsor's Web Site.

a.  Site Owner agrees to actively promote and sponsor Sponsor's Web Site
    by (i) placing a banner advertisement to be provided by Sponsor and
    which shall be a minimum of \[NUMBER\] pixels by \[NUMBER\] pixels
    in size, which contains a hyperlink to Sponsor's site on the front
    page of the Site Owner's home page which banner shall be available
    by all users 24 hours per day throughout the term of this Agreement
    and which shall be viewed upon loading such page without scrolling
    by the party accessing such page; (ii) by actively promoting the web
    site of the Sponsor as a preferred web page in the area designated
    for such preferred web pages on Site Owner's Web Site; (iii) Site
    Owner shall actively promote its Web Site in order to optimize the
    potential number of impressions of Sponsor's Web Site through links
    from Site Owner's Web Site and to optimize the total number of
    parties accessing the Site Owner's Web Site.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **MUTUAL EXCLUSIVITY**

    a.  During the entire term of this Agreement, neither party shall
        sponsor or display on their web site, provide a link to, display
        any content created or provided by or referring to, or enter any
        promotion of sponsorship agreement with any party that is a
        "Direct Competitor" of the other party. This exclusivity shall
        not however prohibit Sponsor from causing competitor sites to be
        listed in search results available through the Sponsor's online
        search capabilities, provided that Site Owners site receives
        first listing in such search result using the keywords that are
        designated by the parties pursuant to the terms hereof at least
        \[%\] of the time and is consistently in the top three of such
        search result when compared to Direct Competitors.

    b.  As defined herein, the term "Direct Competitor" shall mean and
        include any online business that provides products or services
        that are functionally equivalent to those offered by either
        party. "Direct Competitors" shall include, but shall not be
        limited to, those parties identified and listed in Exhibit "B"
        attached hereto and made a part hereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **SPONSORSHIP FEES AND OTHER PAYMENTS**

    1.  ** Initiation Fee **

Upon execution of this Agreement, Site Owner shall pay to the Sponsor a
one-time setup fee to compensate the Sponsor for the work to be
performed to set up the sponsorship program described herein. No
initiation or startup fee shall be payable from Sponsor to Site Owner.

1.  ** Periodic sponsorship fees**

In addition to the Initiation Fee described above, the Site Owner shall
pay to the Sponsor monthly sponsorship fees equal to per month during
the entire term of this Agreement. Such monthly sponsorship fees shall
be due and payable or before the first (1^st^) day of each calendar
month with the first fee due and payable on the first day of the month
following the Launch Date.

1.  ** Users access fee **

In addition to the other fees to be paid to the Sponsor hereunder, the
Site Owner shall pay to the Sponsor and amount equal to \[AMOUNT\] per
each user access that is made via link to the Site Owner's Site through
search engine results using Sponsor's search engine functions,
\[AMOUNT\] per each user access Site Owner's Site through banner
advertising on Sponsor's home page, \[AMOUNT\] per each user access
through listings on Sponsor's Web Site under "preferred customers" and
\[AMOUNT\] per user access to Site Owner's site through all other
hypertext links. Sponsor shall be responsible for maintaining user
statistics that indicate the total number of user accesses to Site
Owner's Web Site through Sponsor's Web Site, which statistical
information shall be categorized as provided above. Sponsor shall report
such statistics to Site Owner on a monthly basis and invoice Site Owner
as provided above along with such statistical report. Payment of invoice
amounts shall be due and payable within \[NUMBER\] days after receipt of
invoice by Site Owner.

1.  **PRESS RELEASE**

The parties agree that they shall release an initial press release
announcing the mutual sponsorship provided in this Agreement on or about
the Launch Date. The content of such press release shall be mutually
agreed by the parties. The parties shall agree upon the scope of such
release and shall share equally the costs of disseminating such press
release. Except for the press release identified above, neither party
shall make any announcement or press release of the relationship between
the parties or disclose any terms or conditions of this Agreement
without the advanced written consent of the other party.

1.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

    a.  This Agreement shall be for an initial term of \[NUMBER\] year
        commencing on the Launch Date and terminating on the first
        anniversary date of the Launch Date.

    b.  Either party may terminate this Agreement, with or without
        cause, upon the giving of \[NUMBER\] days advanced written
        notice to the other party.

    c.  Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon
        written notice to the other party of such other party
        substantially breaches its obligation set forth in this
        Agreement.

    d.  All obligations of the parties shall remain in effective until
        the effective date of any termination. Following the effective
        date of the termination, Site Owner shall remain obligated to
        make payments that accrue up to an including the effective date
        of such termination.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **TRADEMARKS AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

    a.  The parties shall each retain all ownership, right, title and
        interest in and to all trademarks, service marks, trade names,
        copyrights, and other proprietary property, subject only to the
        limited license to use such materials for purposes of the other
        parties obligations set forth in this Agreement.

    b.  The parties hereby grant to the other party a non-exclusive
        license to use trademarks, service marks, trade names and other
        proprietary property of the other party only as specifically
        required by such party to fulfill its obligations under this
        Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, each party will
        immediately cease and desist from all further use of the
        trademarks and other proprietary property of the other party
        effective on the effective date of any termination or the
        expiration of this Agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY**

    1.  ** Restriction on disclosure**

Neither party will disclose or use for it's own purposes, except in
furtherance of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement, any
Confidential Information of the other party. Each party will take
reasonable measures to protect any Confidential Information related to
the other party consistent with the measures that such party uses to
protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information.

1.  ** Information subject to restriction **

For purposes of this Agreement, the term Confidential Information shall
mean and include all information received by one party that relates to
the other party which is received from the other party or its affiliates
or representatives which the other party considers to be confidential
and proprietary, including but not limited to business and marketing
plans, financial information, the existence or any terms of this
Agreement, user information, web site activity statistics, software,
databases, drawings, diagrams, schematics, customer lists, trade
secrets, development plans, new program development and planning,
advertising plans and materials not yet released, and all other
information that either party knows, or has any reason to know that the
other party would consider to be confidential. Confidential Information
will not include information that (i) is in or enters the public domain
without breach of this Agreement, (ii) the receiving party lawfully
receives from a third party without restriction on disclosure and
without breach of a nondisclosure obligation or (iii) the receiving
party knew prior to receiving such information from the disclosing party
or develops independently.

1.  **WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY**

    a.  Each party represents and warrants to the other party that none
        of the information provided to the other party to be included on
        the other party's web site will infringe upon the proprietary
        rights of any other party.

    b.  Each party hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the other party
        harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, threats or
        demands and costs, including but not limited to reasonable
        attorney fees and court costs which may result from: (i) the
        breach of any representation or warranty made by one party to
        the other in this Agreement, including but not limited to that
        made in Section 9.1 hereof; (ii) any claim that any material
        provided by one party to the other party infringes upon any
        proprietary rights, including trademarks, patents, copyrights,
        or any other claim of proprietary rights of any third party;
        and (iii) any claim arising out of the content that is contained
        on the indemnifying party's web site. The parties shall be
        obligated to immediately notify the other party of any claims
        that could invoke the indemnification given above.

    c.  EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER
        PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO THE OTHER PARTY
        IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
        OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
        TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OF FITNESS FOR A
        PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EXCEPT FOR MATTERS ARISING OUT OF SECTIONS
        9.1 AND 9.2 ABOVE, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
        SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER
        BASED UPON A THEORY OF CONTRACT OR TORT.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS**

    a.  Neither party shall be liable for delays or failures in
        performance resulting from causes beyond the reasonable control
        of that party, including, but not limited to, acts of God, labor
        disputes or disturbances, material shortages or rationing,
        riots, acts of war, power outages, natural disaster,
        governmental regulations, communication or utility failures, or
        casualties.

    b.  The parties agree that their relationship shall be that of
        independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement or the
        relationship between the parties shall be construed as making
        them joint venturers, partners, employer/employees,
        franchisor/franchisee, master/servant, or any legal relationship
        other than independent contracting parties. Each party shall be
        responsible for their own income taxes and any withholding
        thereof. Neither party shall have the authority, express or
        implied, to act on behalf of the other or to bind the other to
        any contract, obligation, debt, responsibility or obligation of
        any nature or kind.

    c.  Neither party may assign the benefits or obligations under this
        Agreement and any attempt to do so shall be void and of no legal
        effect. Each of the parties recognizes and agrees that the other
        party is relying upon the identity of the other party and the
        owner and principals of the other party in entering into this
        Agreement. Neither party shall be permitted to subcontract any
        obligations contained herein to another party without the
        advanced written notice from the other party. The parties
        specifically agree that there shall be no third party
        beneficiaries to this Agreement.

    d.  In any legal action between the parties relating to the subject
        matter hereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an
        award of all costs and reasonable attorney fees related to such
        action.

    e.  Failure by either party to enforce any provision of this
        Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of
        that or any other provision. Any waiver, amendment or other
        modification of any provision of this Agreement will be
        effective only if in writing and signed by the parties.

    f.  All notice, except for notices of termination, shall be
        transmitted via Email to the relevant party at the Email address
        indicated below or at such other Email address provided by the
        other party in writing. Notices of termination shall be in
        writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by a reputable
        overnight mail service (e.g., Federal Express), or by first
        class mail (certified or registered), or by facsimile confirmed
        by first class mail (registered or certified), to the party at
        the address indicated above. Notices will be deemed
        effective (i) upon transmission, provided such transmission is
        not returned as undeliverable, when such notice may be given via
        Email, (ii) \[NUMBER\] working days after deposit, postage
        prepaid, if mailed, (iii) the next day if sent by overnight
        mail, or (iv) the same day if sent by facsimile and confirmed as
        set forth above.

    g.  If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any
        provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, that provision
        of the Agreement will be enforced to the maximum extent
        permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the
        remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and
        effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

ONLINE BUSINESS STRATEGIC PARTNER

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[A]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[KEYWORDS FOR SEARCH ENGINE]{.underline}**

**[EXHIBIT ]{.underline}["]{.underline}[B]{.underline}["]{.underline}**

**[LIST OF COMPETITORS]{.underline}**
