**AGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANT**

This Agreement With Accountant (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[CLIENT NAME\]** (the \"Client\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[ACCOUNTANT NAME\]** (the \"Accountant\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

NOW, THEREFORE, in considerÂ­ation of the mutual covenants set forth
herein and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

1.  **PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT**

The Client, in order to properly conduct its business, employs the
Accountant. The Accountant is duly licensed by the laws of this state
and engaged in the business of providing independent accounting services
and assistance to clients.

1.  **SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED**

During the length of this contract, the Accountant shall serve the
Client and perform any and all services in accounting and tax matters as
the Client requires in connection with the Client\'s business including
the preparation of accounting statements, tax reports and returns. The
Accountant will also provide supervisory and advisory services to the
Client when requested.

1.  **PAYMENTS TO ACCOUNTANT **

The Client agrees to pay the Accountant for services at the following
rates:

\[DESCRIBE RATE OF COMPENSATION\]

1.  **WHEN PAYMENTS ARE DUE**

The Accountant shall bill the Client on a regular basis for services
rendered which bills will be due and payable upon receipt.

1.  **TERM OF AGREEMENT **

This agreement shall become effective \[DATE\] and shall continue in
effect until \[DATE\] or until terminated in accordance with this
agreement.

1.  **TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT **

This agreement may be terminated by either party on \[NUMBER\] days
notice to the other party. All such notices shall be by certified mail
or delivered personally.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This contract expresses the entire agreement between the Client and the
Accountant regarding this matter. This agreement can only be modified
with another written agreement signed by both the Client and the
Accountant. This agreement shall be binding upon both the Client and the
Accountant and their respective heirs, legal representatives and
successors in interest.

1.  **LEGAL FEES**

If either party brings a law suit in order to enforce or interpret the
provisions of this agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
reasonable attorney\'s fees in addition to any other relief to which
that party may be entitled.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

This agreement shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State
of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

1.  **INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS**

Both the Accountant and the Client agree that the relationship created
by this agreement is that of independent contractor and not that of
employee and employer. The Accountant is responsible for the payment of
any taxes, including without limitation, all Federal, State and local
personal and business income taxes, sales and use taxes, other business
taxes and license fees arising out of the activities of the Accountant.

1.  **SIGNATURES**

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

CLIENT ACCOUNTANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
