[ ]{.underline}**[AGREEMENT]{.underline}[ FOR PROFESSIONAL
SERVICES]{.underline}**

[This Agreement for Professional Services (the \"Agreement\") is made
and effective this \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[CLIENT]{.underline}[ NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the
\"Client\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[COMPANY]{.underline}[ NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the
\"Company\"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office located at:]{.underline}

[WHEREAS, Client finds that the Company is willing to perform certain
work hereinafter described in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement; and]{.underline}

WHEREAS, Client finds that the Company is qualified to perform the work,
all relevant factors considered, and that such performance will be in
furtherance of Client\'s business.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consider­ation of the mutual covenants set forth
herein and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

1.  **[SERVICES]{.underline}[ TO CLIENT]{.underline}**

[The Company shall provide the following (\"Services\") to
Client:]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

1.  **[P]{.underline}[AYMENT AND INVOICING TERMS]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Payment for Services]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company will be paid as follows: \[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

1.  **[Reimbursable Costs]{.underline}**

[Client shall reimburse the Company all costs incurred in connection
with the Services rendered. Reimbursable costs include, but are not
limited to, travel costs, subcontractors, materials, computer costs,
telephone, copies, delivery, etc. that are attributable to a project or
Service (the \"Reimbursable Costs\"). Travel costs are defined as air
travel, lodging, meals and incidentals, ground transportation, tools,
and all costs associated with travel. All extraordinary travel expenses
must receive Client\'s approval. The Company shall provide to Client
substantiation of Reimbursable Costs incurred.]{.underline}

1.  **[Invoicing]{.underline}**

[Invoices will submitted monthly by the Company for payment by Client.
Payment is due upon receipt and is past due \[NUMBER\] business days
from receipt of invoice. If Client has any valid reason for disputing
any portion of an invoice, Client will so notify the Company within
\[NUMBER\] calendar days of receipt of invoice by Client, and if no such
notification is given, the invoice will be deemed valid. The portion of
the Company\'s invoice which is not in dispute shall be paid in
accordance with the procedures set forth herein.]{.underline}

[A finance charge of \[%\] per month on the unpaid amount of an invoice,
or the maximum amount allowed by law, will be charged on past due
accounts. Payments by Client will thereafter be applied first to accrued
interest and then to the principal unpaid balance. Any attorney fees,
court costs, or other costs incurred in collection of delinquent
accounts shall be paid by Client. If payment of invoices is not current,
the Company may suspend performing further work.]{.underline}

1.  **[T]{.underline}[axes]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[All amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement are exclusive of taxes.
Accordingly, there will be added to any such amount payable by Client
the monetary sum equal to any and all current and future applicable
taxes, however designated, incurred as a result of or otherwise in
connection with this Agreement or the Services, including without
limitation state and local privilege, excise, sales, services,
withholding, and use taxes and any taxes or other amounts in lieu
thereof paid or payable by Client (other than taxes based on the
Company\'s net income). If Client does not pay such taxes, the Company
may make such payments and Client will reimburse the Company for those
payments. Client will hold the Company harmless for any payments made by
Client pursuant to this Section 2.4.]{.underline}

1.  **[CHANGES]{.underline}**

[Client may, with the approval of the Company, issue written directions
within the general scope of any Services to be ordered. Such changes
(the \"Change Order\") may be for additional work or the Company may be
directed to change the direction of the work covered by the Task Order,
but no change will be allowed unless agreed to by the Company in
writing.]{.underline}

1.  **[STANDARD OF CARE]{.underline}**

[The Company warrants that it services shall be performed by personnel
possessing competency consistent with applicable industry standards. No
other representation, express or implied, and no warranty or guarantee
are included or intended in this Agreement, or in any report, opinion,
deliverable, work product, document or otherwise. Furthermore, no
guarantee is made as to the efficacy or value of any services performed
or software developed. THIS SECTION SETS FORTH THE ONLY WARRANTIES
PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY CONCERNING THE SERVICES AND RELATED WORK
PRODUCT. THIS WARRANTY IS MADE EXPRESSLY IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE OR OTHERWISE.]{.underline}

1.  **[LIABILITY]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Limitation]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company\'s liability, including but not limited to Client\'s claims
of contributions and indemnification related to third party claims
arising out of services rendered by the Company, and for any losses,
injury or damages to persons or properties or work performed arising out
of or in connection with this Agreement and for any other claim, shall
be limited to the lesser of (i)  \[AMOUNT\] or (ii) payment received by
the Company from Client for the particular service provided giving rise
to the claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, the Company shall not be liable for any special, indirect,
consequential, lost profits, or punitive damages. Client agrees to limit
the Company\'s liability to Client and any other third party for any
damage on account of any error, omission or negligence to a sum not to
exceed the lesser of (i) \[AMOUNT\] or (ii) the payment received by the
Company for the particular service provided giving rise to the claim.
The limitation of liability set forth herein is for any and all matters
for which the Company may otherwise have liability arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement, whether the claim arises in contract,
tort, statute, or otherwise.]{.underline}

1.  **[Remedy]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Client\'s exclusive remedy for any claim arising out of or relating to
this Agreement will be for the Company, upon receipt of written notice,
either (i) to use commercially reasonable efforts to cure, at its
expense, the matter that gave rise to the claim for which the Company is
at fault, or (ii) return to Client the fees paid by Client to the
Company for the particular service provided that gives rise to the
claim, subject to the limitation contained in Section 5.1. Client agrees
that it will not allege that this remedy fails its essential
purpose.]{.underline}

1.  **[S]{.underline}[urvival]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[Articles 2, 4, 5, and 6 survive the expiration or termination of this
Agreement for any reason.]{.underline}

1.  **[MISCELLANEOUS]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Insecurity and Adequate Assurances]{.underline}[
        ]{.underline}**

[If reasonable grounds for insecurity arise with respect to Client\'s
ability to pay for the Services in a timely fashion, the Company may
demand in writing adequate assurances of Client\'s ability to meet its
payment obligations under this Agreement. Unless Client provides the
assurances in a reasonable time and manner acceptable to the Company, in
addition to any other rights and remedies available, Client may
partially or totally suspend its performance while awaiting assurances,
without liability to Client.]{.underline}

1.  **[Severability]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Should any part of this Agreement for any reason be declared invalid,
such decision shall not affect the validity of any remaining provisions,
which remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect as if
this Agreement had been executed with the invalid portion thereof
eliminated, and it is hereby declared the intention of the parties that
they would have executed the remaining portion of this Agreement without
including any such part, parts, or portions which may, for any reason,
be hereafter declared invalid. Any provision shall nevertheless remain
in full force and effect in all other circumstances.]{.underline}

1.  **[Modification and Waiver]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Waiver of breach of this Agreement by either part shall not be
considered a waiver of any other subsequent breach.]{.underline}

1.  **[Independent Contractor]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company is an independent contractor of Client.]{.underline}

1.  **[Notices]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Client shall give the Company written notice within \[NUMBER\] days of
obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of any claim or cause of action
which Client believes that it has, or may seek to assert or allege,
against the Company, whether such claim is based in law or equity,
arising under or related to this Agreement or to the transactions
contemplated hereby, or any act or omission to act by the Company with
respect hereto. If Client fails to give such notice to the Company with
regard to any such claim or cause of action and shall not have brought
legal action for such claim or cause of action within said time period,
Client shall be deemed to have waived, and shall be forever barred from
bringing or asserting such claim or cause of action in any suit, action
or proceeding in any court or before any governmental agency or
authority or any arbitrator. All notices or other communications
hereunder shall be in writing, sent by courier or the fastest possible
means, provided that recipient receives a manually signed copy and the
transmission method is scheduled to deliver within \[HOURS\] and shall
be deemed given when delivered to the address specified below or such
other address as may be specified in a written notice in accordance with
this Section.]{.underline}

[If to the Company:]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

[If to Client:]{.underline}

[\[DESCRIBE\]]{.underline}

[Any party may, by notice given in accordance with this Section to the
other parties, designate another address or person or entity for receipt
of notices hereunder.]{.underline}

1.  **[Assignment]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Agreement is not assignable or transferable by Client. This
Agreement is not assignable or transferable by the Company without the
written consent of Client, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.]{.underline}

1.  **[Disputes]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company and Client recognize that disputes arising under this
Agreement are best resolved at the working level by the parties directly
involved. Both parties are encouraged to be imaginative in designing
mechanism and procedures to resolve disputes at this level. Such efforts
shall include the referral of any remaining issues in dispute to higher
authority within each participating party\'s organization for
resolution. Failing resolution of conflicts at the organizational level,
the Company and Client agree that any remaining conflicts arising out of
or relating to this Contract shall be submitted to nonbinding mediation
unless the Company and Client mutually agree otherwise. If the dispute
is not resolved through non-binding mediation, then the parties may take
other appropriate action subject to the other terms of this
Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[Section Headings]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Title and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of
this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[Representations; Counterparts]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Each person executing this Agreement on behalf of a party hereto
represents and warrants that such person is duly and validly authorized
to do so on behalf of such party, with full right and authority to
execute this Agreement and to bind such party with respect to all of its
obligations hereunder. This Agreement may be executed (by original or
telecopied signature) in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute but one and
the same instrument.]{.underline}

1.  **[Residuals]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Nothing in this Agreement or elsewhere will prohibit or limit the
Company\'s ownership and use of ideas, concepts, know-how, methods,
models, data, techniques, skill knowledge and experience that were used,
developed or gained in connection with this Agreement. The Company and
Client shall each have the right to use all data collected or generated
under this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[Non]{.underline}[-]{.underline}[solicitation of
    Employees]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[During and for \[NUMBER\] year after the term of this Agreement, Client
will not solicit the employment of, or employ the Company\'s personnel,
without the Company\'s prior written consent.]{.underline}

1.  **[Cooperation]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Client will cooperate with the Company in taking actions and executing
documents, as appropriate, to achieve the objectives of this Agreement.
Client agrees that the Company\'s performance is dependent on Client\'s
timely and effective cooperation with the Company. Accordingly, Client
acknowledges that any delay by Client may result in the Company being
released from an obligation or scheduled deadline or in Client having to
pay extra fees for the Company\'s agreement to meet a specific
obligation or deadline despite the delay.]{.underline}

1.  **[Governing Law and
    Con]{.underline}[­]{.underline}[struction]{.underline}[
    ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law. The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the result of
negotiation among the parties and their respective counsel and shall not
be construed strictly for or against any party. Each party (i) agrees
that any action arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be brought solely in courts of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\]
(ii) hereby consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\] and (iii) agrees that, whenever a party is requested
to execute one or more documents evidencing such consent, it shall do so
immediately.]{.underline}

1.  **[Entire Agreement; Survival]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[This Agreement, including any Exhibits, states the entire Agreement
between the parties and supersedes all previous contracts, proposals,
oral or written, and all other communications between the parties
respecting the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior
understandings, representations, warranties, agreements or contracts
(whether oral or written) between Client and the Company respecting the
subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by an
agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[Force Majeure]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Company shall not be responsible for delays or failures (including
any delay by the Company to make progress in the prosecution of any
Services) if such delay arises out of causes beyond its control. Such
causes may include, but are not restricted to, acts of God or of the
public enemy, fires, floods, epidemics, riots, quarantine restrictions,
strikes, freight embargoes, earthquakes, electrical outages, computer or
communications failures, and severe weather, and acts or omissions of
subcontractors or third parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[Use By Third Parties]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Work performed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement are only for
the purpose intended and may be misleading if used in another context.
Client agrees not to use any documents produced under this Agreement for
anything other than the intended purpose without the Company\'s written
permission. This Agreement shall, therefore, not create any rights or
benefits to parties other than to Client and the Company.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.]{.underline}

[COMPANY CLIENT]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
