**[BACKGROUND CHECK PERMISSION]{.underline}**

[This Background Check Permission Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made
and effective this \[DATE\],]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[PROSPECTIVE
EMPLOYEE]{.underline}[ NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Employee\"), an
individual with his main address at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[COMPANY]{.underline}[
NAME\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:]{.underline}

In connection with my application to render services to the Company, I
hereby agree as follows:

1.  **[GENERAL CONSENT TO BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION]{.underline}**

As a condition of Company\'s consideration of my application to render
services, I give permission to company to investigate my personal and
employment history. I understand that this background investigation will
include, but not be limited to, verification of all information given by
me to the Company.

1.  **[CONSENT TO CONTACT PAST EMPLOYERS AND COMPANIES]{.underline}**

I specifically give permission to Company to contact all of my prior
employers and companies I have provided services to for references. I
further give permission to all current or previous employers and/or
managers or supervisors to discuss my relevant personal and employment
history with Company, consent to the release of such information orally
or in writing, and hereby release them from all liability and agree not
to sue them for defamation or other claims based upon any statements
they make to any representative of Company. I further waive all rights I
may have under law to receive a copy of any written statement provided
by any of my former employers or companies I have provided services to
Company. I further agree to indemnify all past employers or companies I
have provided services to for any liability they may incur because of
their reliance upon this Agreement.

1.  **[CONSENT TO CONTACT GOVERNMENT AGENCIES]{.underline}**

I further give permission to the Company to receive a copy of any
information obtained in the file of any federal, state, or local court,
or governmental agency concerning or relating to me. I further consent
to the release of such information and waive any right under law
concerning notification of the request for a release of such
information. In the event a law does not provide for Company to have
access to information, I hereby delegate the Company as my agent for the
receipt of information. I understand that the scope of this
investigation will be limited as required by applicable law.

1.  **[COOPERATION WITH INVESTIGATION]{.underline}**

[I agree to fully cooperate in Company\'s background investigation, and
to sign any waivers or releases that may be necessary or desirable to
obtain access to relevant information. In the event that any former
employer or other company or federal, state, or local governmental
agency will not release reference information or criminal history
information directly to the Company, I agree to personally request such
information to the extent permitted by law.]{.underline}

1.  **[MISCELLANEOUS]{.underline}**

This Agreement represents the entire understanding and agreement
relating to its subject matter. Company shall be entitled fully to rely
on this Agreement. I understand that I have no guarantee of being hired
to provide services to the Company and that the Company may determine
not to engage me for any lawful reason.

[COMPANY APPLICANT]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
