**CONFIDENTIALITY AND INVENTION AGREEMENT **

This Confidentiality and Invention Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[CONSULTANT NAME\]** (the \"Consultant\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

In consideration of the Consultant relationship with the Company (which
for purposes of this Agreement shall be deemed to include any
subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Company), the receipt of confidential
information while associated with the Company, and other good and
valuable consideration, the undersigned Consultant, agrees that:

1.  **TERMS OF AGREEMENT **

This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the duration
of the relationship between the Consultant and the Company and shall
continue thereafter until terminated through a written instrument signed
by both parties.

For purposes of this Agreement, "Affiliate" shall mean any person or
entity that shall directly or indirectly

controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company.

1.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**

    1.  **Definitions **

\"Proprietary Information\" is all information and any idea whatever
form, tangible or intangible, pertaining in any manner to the business
of the Company, or any of its Affiliates, or its employees, clients,
consultants, or business associates, which was produced by any employee
or consultant of the Company in the course of his or her employment or
consulting relationship or otherwise produced or acquired by or on
behalf of the Company. All Proprietary Information not generally known
outside of the Company\'s organization, and all Proprietary Information
so known only through improper means, shall be deemed \"Confidential
Information.\" By example and without limiting the foregoing definition,
Proprietary and Confidential Information shall include, but not be
limited to:

Confidential Information is to be broadly defined, and includes all
information that has or could have commercial value or other utility in
the business in which the Company is engaged or contemplates engaging,
and all information of which the unauthorized disclosure could be
detrimental to the interests of the Company, whether or not such
information is identified as Confidential Information by the Company.

1.  **Existence of Confidential Information **

The Company owns and has developed and compiled, and will develop and
compile, certain trade secrets, proprietary techniques and other
Confidential Information which have great value to its business. This
Confidential Information includes not only information disclosed by the
Company to the Consultant, but also information developed or learned by
the Consultant during the course of the relationship with the Company.

1.  **Protection of Confidential Information **

The Consultant will not, directly or indirectly, use, make available,
sell, disclose or otherwise communicate to any third party, other than
in the assigned duties and for the benefit of the Company, any of the
Company\'s Confidential Information, either during or after the
relationship with the Company. In the event the Consultant desires to
publish the results of the work for the Company through literature or
speeches, the Consultant will submit such literature or speeches to the
President of the Company at least 10 days before dissemination of such
information for a determination of whether such disclosure may alter
trade secret status, may be prejudicial to the interests of the Company,
or may constitute an invasion of its privacy. The Consultant agrees not
to publish, disclose or otherwise disseminate such information without
prior written approval of the President of the Company. The Consultant
acknowledges that the unauthorized disclosure of Confidential
Information of the Company may be highly prejudicial to its interests,
an invasion of privacy, and an improper disclosure of trade secrets.

1.  **Delivery of Confidential Information **

Upon request or when the relationship with the Company terminates, the
Consultant will immediately deliver to the Company all copies of any and
all materials and writings received from, created for, or belonging to
the Company including, but not limited to, those which relate to or
contain Confidential Information.

1.  **Location and Reproduction **

The Consultant shall maintain at its workplace only such Confidential
Information as the Consultant has a current \"need to know.\" The
Consultant shall return to the appropriate person or location or
otherwise properly dispose of Confidential Information once that need to
know no longer exists. The Consultant shall not make copies of or
otherwise reproduce Confidential Information unless there is a
legitimate business need of the Company for reproduction.

1.  **Prior Actions and Knowledge **

The Consultant represents and warrants that from the time of the first
contact with the Company the Consultant helds in strict confidence all
Confidential Information and has not disclosed any Confidential
Information, directly or indirectly, to anyone outside the Company, or
used, copied, published, or summarized any Confidential information,
except to the extent otherwise permitted in this Agreement.

1.  **Third-Party Information **

The Consultant acknowledges that the Company has received and in the
future will receive from third parties their confidential information
subject to a duty on the Company\'s part to maintain the confidentiality
of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. The
Consultant agrees that it will at all times hold all such confidential
information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose or use it,
except as necessary to perform the obligations hereunder and as is
consistent with the Company\'s agreement with such third parties.

1.  **Third Parties **

The Consultant represents that the relationship with the Company does
not and will not breach any agreements with or duties to a former
employer or any other third party. The Consultant will not disclose to
the Company or use on its behalf any confidential information belonging
to others and will not bring onto the premises of the Company any
confidential information belonging to any such party unless consented to
in writing by such party.

1.  **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, INVENTIONS AND NEW IDEAS**

    1.  **Definition **

The term \"Subject Ideas or Inventions\" includes any and all ideas,
processes, trademarks, service marks, inventions, designs, technologies,
computer hardware or software, original works of authorship, formulas,
discoveries, patents, copyrights, copyrightable works products,
marketing and business ideas, and all improvements, know-how, data,
rights, and claims related to the foregoing that, whether or not
patentable, which are conceived, developed or created which: (1) relate
to the Company\'s current or contemplated business; (2) relate to the
Company\'s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development;
(3) result from any work performed by the Consultant for the Company;
(4) involve the use of the Company\'s equipment, supplies, facilities or
trade secrets; (5) result from or are suggested by any work done by the
Company or at the Company\'s request, or any projects specifically
assigned to the Consultant; or (6) result from the access to any of the
Company\'s memoranda, notes, records, drawings, sketches, models, maps,
customer lists, research results, data, formulae, specifications,
inventions, processes, equipment or other materials (collectively,
\"Company Materials\").

1.  **Company Ownership **

All right, title and interest in and to all Subject Ideas and
Inventions, including but not limited to all registrable and patent
rights which may subsist therein, shall be held and owned solely by the
Company, and where applicable, all Subject Ideas and Inventions shall be
considered works made for hire. The Consultant shall mark all Subject
Ideas and Inventions with the Company\'s copyright or other proprietary
notice as directed by the Company and shall take all actions deemed
necessary by the Company to protect the Company\'s rights therein. In
the event that the Subject Ideas and Inventions shall be deemed not to
constitute works made for hire, or in the event that the Consultant
should otherwise, by operation of law, be deemed to retain any rights
(whether moral rights or otherwise) to any Subject Ideas and Inventions,
the Consultant agrees to assign to the Company, without further
consideration, its entire right, title and interest in and to each and
every such Subject Idea and Invention.

1.  **Disclosure **

The Consultant agrees to disclose promptly to the Company full details
of any and all Subject Ideas and Inventions.

1.  **Maintenance of Records **

The Consultant agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current written
records of all Subject Ideas and Inventions and their development made
by the Consultant (solely or jointly with others) during the term of the
relationship with the Company. These records will be in the form of
notes, sketches, drawings, and any other format that may be specified by
the Company. These records will be available to and remain the sole
property of the Company at all times.

1.  **Determination of Subject Ideas and Inventions **

The Consultant further agrees that all information and records
pertaining to any idea, process, trademark, service mark, invention,
technology, computer hardware or software, original work of authorship,
design, formula, discovery, patent, copyright, product, and all
improvements, know-how, rights, and claims related to the foregoing
(\"Intellectual Property\"), that the Consultant does not believe to be
a Subject Idea or Invention, but that is conceived, developed, or
reduced to practice by the Company (alone by the Consultant or with
others) during the relationship with the Company and for one (1) year
thereafter, shall be disclosed promptly by the Consultant to the
Company. The Company shall examine such information to determine if in
fact the Intellectual Property is a Subject Idea or Invention subject to
this Agreement.

1.  **Access **

Because of the difficulty of establishing when any Subject Ideas or
Inventions are first conceived by the Consultant, or whether it results
from the access to Confidential Information or Company Materials, the
Consultant agrees that any Subject Idea and Invention shall, among other
circumstances, be deemed to have resulted from its access to Company
Materials if: (1) it grew out of or resulted from the work with the
Company or is related to the business of the Company, and (2) it is
made, used, sold, exploited or reduced to practice, or an application
for patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary protection is
filed thereon, by the Consultant or with its significant aid, within one
year after termination of the relationship with the Company.

1.  **Assistance **

The Consultant further agrees to assist the Company in every proper way
(but at the Company\'s expense) to obtain and from time to time enforce
patents, copyrights or other rights or registrations on said Subject
Ideas and Inventions in any and all countries, and to that end will
execute all documents necessary:

a.  To apply for, obtain and vest in the name of the Company alone
    (unless the Company otherwise directs) letters patent, copyrights or
    other analogous protection in any country throughout the world and
    when so obtained or vested to renew and restore the same; and;

b.  To defend any opposition proceedings in respect of such applications
    and any opposition proceedings or petitions or applications for
    revocation of such letters patent, copyright or other analogous
    protection; and;

c.  To cooperate with the Company (but at the Company\'s expense) in any
    enforcement or infringement proceeding on such letters patent,
    copyright or other analogous protection.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **Authorization to Company **

In the event the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure
the Consultant's signature on any patent, copyright or other analogous
protection relating to a Subject Idea and Invention, whether because of
the Consultant's physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason
whatsoever, the Consultant hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the
Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as its agent and
attorney-in-fact, to act for and on its behalf and stead to execute and
file any such application, applications or other documents and to do all
other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution, issuance, and
enforcement of letters patent, copyright or other analogous rights or
protections thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed
by the Consultant. The Consultant's obligation to assist the Company in
obtaining and enforcing patents and copyrights for Subject Ideas and
Inventions in any and all countries shall continue beyond the
termination of the relationship with the Company, but the Company shall
compensate the Consultant at a reasonable rate after such termination
for time actually spent by the Consultant at the Company\'s request on
such assistance.

1.  **Acknowledgement **

The Consultant acknowledges that there are no currently existing ideas,
processes, inventions, discoveries, marketing or business ideas or
improvements which I desire to exclude from the operation of this
Agreement. To the best of the Consultant's knowledge, there is no other
contract to assign inventions, trademarks, copyrights, ideas, processes,
discoveries or other intellectual property that is now in existence
between the Consultant and any other person (including any business or
governmental entity).

1.  **No Use of Name **

The Consultant shall not at any time use the Company\'s name or any the
Company trademark(s) or trade name(s) in any advertising or publicity
without the prior written consent of the Company.

1.  **COMPETITIVE ACTIVITY**

    1.  **Acknowledgment **

The Consultant acknowledges that the pursuit of the activities forbidden
by Section 4.2 below would necessarily involve the use, disclosure or
misappropriation of Confidential Information.

1.  **Prohibited Activity **

To prevent the above-described disclosure, misappropriation and breach,
the Consultant agrees that during the relationship and for a period of
one (1) year thereafter, without the Company\'s express written consent,
the Consultant shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) employ, solicit
for employment, or recommend for employment any person employed by the
Company (or any Affiliate); and (ii) engage in any present or
contemplated business activity that is or may be competitive with the
Company (or any Affiliate) in any state where the Company conducts its
business, unless the Consultant can prove that any action taken in
contravention of this subsection (ii) was done without the use in any
way of Confidential Information.

1.  **REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES **

The Consultant represents and warrants (i) that it has no obligations,
legal or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or
with its undertaking a relationship with the Company; (ii) that the
performance of the services called for by this Agreement do not and will
not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation or any proprietary or
other right of any third party; (iii) that the Consultant will not use
in the performance of its responsibilities for the Company any
confidential information or trade secrets of any other person or entity;
and (iv) that the Consultant has not entered into or will enter into any
agreement (whether oral or written) in conflict with this Agreement.

1.  **TERMINATION OBLIGATIONS**

    a.  Upon the termination of the relationship with the Company or
        promptly upon the Company\'s request, the Consultant shall
        surrender to the Company all equipment, tangible Proprietary
        Information, documents, books, notebooks, records, reports,
        notes, memoranda, drawings, sketches, models, maps, contracts,
        lists, computer disks (and other computer-generated files and
        data), any other data and records of any kind, and copies
        thereof (collectively, \"Company Records\"), created on any
        medium and furnished to, obtained by, or prepared by the
        Consultant in the course of or incident to the relationship with
        the Company, that are in its possession or under its control.

    b.  The consultant's representations, warranties, and obligations
        contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of the
        relationship with the Company.

    c.  Following any termination of the relationship with the Company,
        the Consultant will fully cooperate with the Company in all
        matters relating to its continuing obligations under this
        Agreement.

    d.  The Consultant hereby grants consent to notification by the
        Company to any of its future companies the Consultant consults
        with about its rights and obligations under this Agreement.

    e.  Upon termination of its relationship with the Company, the
        Consultant will execute a Certificate acknowledging compliance
        with this Agreement in the form reasonably requested by the
        Company.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INJUNCTIVE RELIEF **

The Consultant acknowledges that its failure to carry out any obligation
under this Agreement, or a breach by the Consultant of any provision
herein, will constitute immediate and irreparable damage to the Company,
which cannot be fully and adequately compensated in money damages and
which will warrant preliminary and other injunctive relief, an order for
specific performance, and other equitable relief. The Consultant further
agrees that no bond or other security shall be required in obtaining
such equitable relief and hereby consents to the issuance of such
injunction and to the ordering of specific performance. The Consultant
also understand that other action may be taken and remedies enforced
against the Consultant.

1.  **MODIFICATION **

No modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing
and signed by both parties.

1.  **BINDING EFFECT **

This Agreement shall be binding upon the Consultant, its heirs,
executors, assigns and administrators and is for the benefit of the
Company and its successors and assigns.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW **

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and all actions
arising under or in connection therewith shall be governed by, the
internal laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\],

1.  **INTEGRATION **

This Agreement sets forth the parties\' mutual rights and obligations
with respect to proprietary information, prohibited competition, and
intellectual property. It is intended to be the final, complete, and
exclusive statement of the terms of the parties\' agreements regarding
these subjects. This Agreement supersedes all other prior and
contemporaneous agreements and statements on these subjects, and it may
not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous
statements or agreements. To the extent that the practices, policies, or
procedures of the Company, now or in the future, apply to the Consultant
and are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the provisions of
this Agreement shall control unless changed in writing by the Company.

1.  **NOT EMPLOYMENT **

This Agreement is not an employment agreement as the Consultant is an
independent consultant. The Consultant understand that the Company may
terminate its association with it at any time, with or without cause,
subject to the terms of any separate written consulting agreement
executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company.

1.  **CONSTRUCTION **

This Agreement shall be construed as a whole, according to its fair
meaning, and not in favor of or against any party. By way of example and
not limitation, this Agreement shall not be construed against the party
responsible for any language in this Agreement. The headings of the
paragraphs hereof are inserted for convenience only, and do not
constitute part of and shall not be used to interpret this Agreement.

1.  **ATTORNEYS\' FEES **

Should either the Consultant or the Company, or any heir, personal
representative, successor or permitted assign of either party, resort to
legal proceedings to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party in
such legal proceeding shall be awarded, in addition to such other relief
as may be granted, attorneys\' fees and costs incurred in connection
with such proceeding.

1.  **SEVERABILITY **

If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person, place or circumstance, shall be held
to be invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of this Agreement
and such term, provision, covenant or condition as applied to other
persons, places and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect.

1.  **RIGHTS CUMULATIVE **

The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and
the exercise of any right or remedy by either the Company or the
Consultant (or by that party\'s successor), whether pursuant hereto, to
any other agreement, or to law, shall not preclude or waive that
party\'s right to exercise any or all other rights and remedies. This
Agreement will inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors
and assigns.

1.  **NONWAIVER **

The failure of either the Company or the Consultant, whether purposeful
or otherwise, to exercise in any instance any right, power or privilege
under this Agreement or under law shall not constitute a waiver of any
other right, power or privilege, nor of the same right, power or
privilege in any other instance. Any waiver by the Company or by the
Consultant must be in writing and signed by either the Consultant, if
the Consultant is seeking to waive any of its rights under this
Agreement, or by an officer of the Company or some other person duly
authorized by the Company.

1.  **NOTICES **

Any notice, request, consent or approval required or permitted to be
given under this Agreement or pursuant to law shall be sufficient if it
is in writing, and if and when it is hand delivered or sent by regular
mail, with postage prepaid, to the Consultant's pricipal office, or to
the Company\'s principal office, as the case may be.

1.  **AGREEMENT TO PERFORM NECESSARY ACTS **

The Consultant agree to perform any further acts and execute and deliver
any documents that may be reasonably necessary to carry out the
provisions of this Agreement.

1.  **ASSIGNMENT **

This Agreement may not be assigned without the Company\'s prior written
consent.

1.  **COMPLIANCE WITH LAW **

The Consultant agrees to abide by all federal, state, and local laws,
ordinances and regulations.

1.  **ACKNOWLEDGMENT **

The Consultant acknowledges having had the opportunity to consult legal
counsel in regard to this Agreement, having read and understand this
Agreement, that the Consultant is fully aware of its legal effect, and
that it has entered into it freely and voluntarily and based on its own
judgment and not on any representations or promises other than those
contained in this Agreement.

CAUTION: THIS AGREEMENT CREATES IMPORTANT OBLIGATIONS OF TRUST AND
AFFECTS THE CONSULTANT\'S RIGHTS TO INVENTIONS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY THE CONSULTANT MAY DEVELOP.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY CONSULTANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
