**BUSINESS CONSULTANT AGREEMENT **

This Business Consultant Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[CONSULTANT NAME\]** (the \"Consultant\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

NOW, THEREFORE, in considerÂ­ation of the mutual covenants set forth
herein and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

1.  **CONSULTATION SERVICES**

The company hereby employs the consultant to perform the following
services in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
agreement: The consultant will consult with the officers and employees
of the company concerning matters relating to the management and
organization of the company, their financial policies, the terms and
conditions of employment, and generally any matter arising out of the
business affairs of the company.

1.  **TERMS OF AGREEMENT **

This agreement will begin \[DATE\] and will end \[DATE\]. Either party
may cancel this agreement on \[NUMBER\] days notice to the other party
in writing, by certified mail or personal delivery.

1.  **TIME DEVOTED BY CONSULTANT **

It is anticipated the consultant will spend approximately \[HOURS\] in
fulfilling its obligations under this

contract. The particular amount of time may vary from day to day or week
to week. However, the consultant shall devote a minimum of \[HOURS\] per
month to its duties in accordance with this agreement.

1.  **PLACE WHERE SERVICES WILL BE RENDERED **

The consultant will perform most services in accordance with this
contract at a location of consultant\'s discretion. In addition the
consultant will perform services on the telephone and at such other
places as necessary to perform these services in accordance with this
agreement.

1.  **PAYMENT TO CONSULTANT**

The consultant will be paid at the rate of \[RATE PER HOUR\] for work
performed in accordance with this agreement. However, the consultant
will be paid at least \[AMOUNT\] per month regardless of the amount of
time spent in accordance with this agreement. The consultant will submit
an itemized statement setting forth the time spent and services
rendered, and the company will pay the consultant the amounts due as
indicated by statements submitted by the consultant within \[NUMBER\]
days of receipt.

1.  **INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR **

Both the company and the consultant agree that the consultant will act
as an independent contractor in the performance of its duties under this
contract. Accordingly, the consultant shall be responsible for payment
of all taxes including Federal, State and local taxes arising out of the
consultant\'s activities

in accordance with this contract, including by way of illustration but
not limitation, Federal and State income tax, Social Security tax,
Unemployment Insurance taxes, and any other taxes or business license
fee as required.

1.  **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION **

The consultant agrees that any information received by the consultant
during any furtherance of the consultant\'s obligations in accordance
with this contract, which concerns the personal, financial or other
affairs of the company will be treated by the consultant in full
confidence and will not be revealed to any other persons, firms or
organizations.

1.  **EMPLOYMENT OF OTHERS **

The company may from time to time request that the consultant arrange
for the services of others. All costs to the consultant for those
services will be paid by the company but in no event shall the
consultant employ others without the prior authorization of the company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY CONSULTANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
