**CONSULTANT NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT **

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective this
\[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[CONSULTANT NAME\]** (the \"Consultant\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

WHEREAS, Consultant has been or will be engaged in the performance of
work on the Company\'s System (the \"System\"); and in connection
therewith will be given access to certain confidential and proprietary
information; and

WHEREAS, Consultant and Company wish to evidence by this agreement the
manner in which said confidential and proprietary material will be
treated.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows:

1.  **PROPRIETARY INFORMATION**

Consultant acknowledges that the System, the source code, object code
and all System documentation relating thereto (\"Proprietary
Information\") are confidential and proprietary to the Company; and
Consultant agrees to use reasonable care (the same being not less than
that employed to protect Consultant\'s own proprietary information) to
safeguard the Proprietary Information and to prevent the unauthorized
use or disclosure thereof.

1.  **NON-DISCLOSURE**

Consultant shall disclose or give access to Proprietary Information only
to such Consultant\'s employees, agents or contractors (\"Consultant
Personnel\") having a need-to-know in connection with Consultant\'s
engagement and for use in connection therewith. Consultant will advise
Consultant Personnel having access to Proprietary Information of the
confidential and proprietary nature thereof.

1.  **COPIES**

Any copies or reproductions of the Proprietary Information shall bear
the copyright or proprietary notices contained in the original.

1.  **TERMINATION**

Consultant shall, upon completion of the tasks assigned to Consultant,
upon termination of Consultant\'s engagement with respect to the System,
or upon demand, whichever is earliest, return any and all Proprietary
Information (including any copies or reproductions thereof in its
possession or control.

1.  **UNAUTHORIZED USE**

Consultant shall promptly advise Company in writing if it learns of any
unauthorized use or disclosure of Proprietary Information by any
Consultant Personnel or former Consultant Personnel.

1.  **WORK PRODUCT**

Consultant shall have no proprietary interest in the work product
developed by consultant during the course of its engagement and
expressly assigns all rights to copyrights, patents, trade secrets or
other proprietary rights to the Company.

1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Consultant, at its own expense, shall defend, indemnify and hold
harmless Company, its licensees, employees and agents, from any claim,
demand, cause of action, debt or liability (including attorneys\' fees)
to the extent it is based on a claim that Consultant Personnel in the
course of their engagement on the System infringed or violated the
patent, copyright, license or other proprietary right of a third party,
provided Consultant is notified promptly of such claim and provided that
such claim is not based upon the Proprietary Information. Company may,
at its expense, assist in such defense if it chooses. Consultant shall
have the right to control the defense in any such action and to enter
into a stipulation of discontinuance and settlement of such claim in its
discretion. In addition, in the event that any such Consultant
performance is held to constitute an infringement and its use is or may
be enjoined, Consultant shall, at its option, (1) modify the infringing
program coding at its own expense so that it is non-infringing; or (2)
procure for Company the right to use and license the use of the
infringing program coding.

1.  **INJUNCTIVE RELIEF**

Consultant acknowledges that the use or disclosure of the Proprietary
Information in a manner inconsistent with this agreement will cause
Company irreparable damage, and that Company shall have the right to
equitable and injunctive relief to prevent the unauthorized use or
disclosure, and to such damages as are occasioned by such unauthorized
use or disclosure.

1.  **COMPLIANCE WITH LAW**

The Consultant agrees to abide by all federal, state, and local laws,
ordinances and regulations of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY CONSULTANT

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
