**EMPLOYMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT**

This Employment Agency Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[AGENCY NAME\]** (the \"Agency\"), a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head
office located at:

**AND: \[COMPANY NAME\]** (the \"Company\"), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with its head office
located at:

In consideration of the matters described above, and of the mutual
benefits and obligations set forth in this agreement, the parties agree
as follows:

1.  **RECITALS**

    a.  Company wishes to contract with Agency for the services of
        Agency in providing professional or skilled labor in the general
        fields of (the "Services").

    b.  Agency is ready, willing, and able to provide such services as
        may be required by Company.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **COMPENSATION**

For services provided under and pursuant to this agreement and the
written requests of Company, Agency shall be compensated as provided
below:

a.  For labor expended by Agency in providing services under and
    pursuant to this agreement, Agency shall be paid an amount equal to
    the applicable hourly or daily rate multiplied by the total number
    of hours or days actually worked by persons provided by Agency. The
    hourly or daily rate shall not exceed those rates set forth by
    Exhibit A applicable to the labor classification(s) set forth by
    Company's written requests.

b.  Actual expenses of persons provided by Agency incurred in the
    providing of services and directly related to such services, shall
    be reimbursed by Company to Agency at actual cost when supported by
    appropriate receipts.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **PAYMENT**

Payment for services provided Company under and pursuant to this
agreement shall be net \[NUMBER\] days from the date of receipt by
Company of Agency's invoice. Agency's invoice shall set forth, as a
minimum, details of labor expended and expenses actually incurred as
provided below:

a.  Agency's invoice shall set forth the date or dates that persons
    provided by Agency actually worked in providing services under and
    pursuant to this agreement. Beginning and ending dates shall be
    shown whenever services are provided uninterrupted over a period of
    time and individual dates shall be shown whenever services have been
    provided on a day-to-day basis. Agency's invoice shall clearly show
    the labor classification, name(s) of Agency-provided worker(s),
    applicable labor rate(s), and the total \[AMOUNT\] claimed for the
    period. Whenever Agency provides services for an extended period of
    time, Agency shall submit its invoices for labor expended no less
    often than \[ONCE EACH CALENDAR MONTH OR AS THE CASE MAY BE\]*.*

b.  The expenses incurred by Agency-provided workers directly related to
    the providing of services under and pursuant to this agreement shall
    be reimbursed by Company to Agency. Such expenses shall be supported
    by appropriate receipts and such other supporting details as may be
    required by Company. Payment therefore shall be net \[NUMBER\] days
    from the date of receipt of invoice.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **AGENCY-PROVIDED WORKERS**

Agency-provided workers who perform services for Company under and
pursuant to this agreement shall be bound by the provisions of this
agreement and Agency shall, at the request of Company, furnish to
Company satisfactory evidence to that effect.

a.  All information provided by Agency to Company in reports of work
    done, together with any other information acquired or gained by
    Agency or by Agency-supplied workers, shall for all time and for all
    purposes be regarded by Agency as strictly confidential and held by
    Agency in confidence, and solely for Company's benefit and use, and
    shall not be used by Agency or directly or indirectly disclosed by
    Agency to any person whatsoever excepting to Company or with
    Company's written permission.

b.  Upon the request of Company, Agency shall require that
    Agency-supplied workers assigned to provide services under and
    pursuant to this agreement execute a supplementary agreement of
    confidentiality and assignment of inventions as set forth by Exhibit
    A attached to this agreement, which Exhibit, by this reference, is
    incorporated into and made a part of this agreement.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INVENTIONS AND COPYRIGHTABLE WORKS**

    a.  Agency further agrees that on behalf of Agency, Agency's
        employees and representatives, and Agency-supplied workers,
        Agency will promptly communicate and disclose to Company or to
        its nominee, all computer programs, documentation, software, and
        other copyrightable works (the "copyrightable works"),
        discoveries, improvements, and inventions (the "inventions")
        conceived, reduced to practice, or made by Agency or by
        Agency-supplied workers, whether solely or jointly with others,
        during the term of this agreement (1) along the lines of
        Company's products or applicable to or useful with the products,
        or (2) relating to Company's manufacturing or other processes or
        procedures or to machinery or apparatus useful in connection
        with such processes or procedures, or (3) relating to Company's
        investigations or to the nature of its business at the time of
        the invention, or (4) resulting from or related to any work
        Agency or Agency-supplied workers may do on behalf of Company or
        at its request. All such inventions and copyrightable works that
        Agency is obligated to disclose, whether patented or not, shall
        be and remain entirely the property of Company or its nominees,
        successors or assigns. It is agreed that this is a
        work-made-for-hire agreement and that all such copyrightable
        works are works made for hire that shall be the exclusive
        property of Company. Further, Agency agrees to assign and
        assigns to Company any rights it may have in such copyrightable
        works.

    b.  Agency and Agency-supplied workers will assist Company and its
        nominees, successors, or assigns, upon request, during and
        following the term of this agreement, at the expense of Company,
        to obtain and maintain for its own benefit, patents for such
        inventions in any and all countries. Such assistance shall
        include, but not be limited to, the execution and delivery of
        specific assignments of any such invention and all domestic and
        foreign patent rights in the invention, and all other papers and
        documents that relate to securing and maintaining such patent
        rights, and the performance of all other lawful acts, as may be
        deemed necessary or advisable by Company or its nominees,
        successors, or assigns.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **AGENCY REPRESENTATION**

Agency represents and warrants that Agency and its Agency-supplied
workers have the right to perform the services required under and
pursuant to this agreement without violation of obligations to others,
and that Agency and its Agency-supplied workers have the right to
disclose to Company all information transmitted to Company in the
performance of services under and pursuant to this agreement, and Agency
agrees that any information submitted to Company, whether patentable or
not, may be used fully and freely by Company.

1.  **DURATION AND TERMINATION**

    a.  This agreement shall become effective as of the date stated
        above and shall continue for a period of \[SPECIFY\] thereafter.
        In addition, this agreement may be terminated pursuant to the
        following:

        i.  Immediately upon death or incapacity of any person employed
            or supplied by Agency who, in the sole opinion of Company,
            was essential for the successful performance of Agency's
            obligation under and pursuant to this agreement; or

        ii. By either party, with or without cause at any time, upon
            \[NUMBER\] days' prior written notice; or

        iii. By Company, at any time, upon \[NUMBER\] days' prior
             written notice, if Agency assigns this agreement, or any
             right or obligation under this agreement, without Company's
             prior written consent; or if there is a change in the
             control or management of Agency that is unacceptable to
             Company; or if Agency ceases to function as a going
             concern, or to conduct its operations in the normal course
             of business.

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    a.  The obligations of Agency under Sections Five and Six above
        shall survive any expiration or termination of this agreement.

    b.  Upon termination of this agreement, Agency will return to
        Company all written information, drawings, models, and other
        materials or files supplied to Agency or created by Agency at
        the expense of Company.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

Agency agrees to indemnify and hold Company, its officers, agents, and
employees harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages,
losses, actions, or causes of action, costs, and expenses (including
attorney's fees), whether relating to property of Company or of any
third party, or to personal injury or death, arising out of or in any
way contributed to by the acts or failure to act of the Agency, its
agents, employees, officers, or Agency-supplied workers.

1.  **INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR**

The status of Agency is that of an independent contractor and not of an
agent or employee of Company and, as such, Agency shall not have the
right or power to enter into any contracts, agreements, or any other
commitments on behalf of Company.

1.  **INSURANCE**

Agency shall maintain in full force and effect, and upon the request of
Company, shall furnish evidence satisfactory to Company that Agency
maintains the following insurance coverages:

a.  Comprehensive general liability insurance in the minimum amount of
    \[AMOUNT\] combined single limit that will cover any and all losses
    to Company property, property of third parties, or personal injuries
    caused by the acts or omissions of Agency.

b.  For any vehicle used by Agency or Agency-supplied workers in
    providing services under and pursuant to this agreement, vehicle
    liability insurance in the minimum amount of \[AMOUNT\] combined
    single limit.

c.  Agency will carry Workers' Compensation and Employer's Liability
    Insurance in accordance with applicable law.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ASSIGNMENT**

The rights and obligations of Agency under this agreement are personal
to Agency and may not be assigned or transferred to any other person,
firm, corporation, or other entity without the prior, express, and
written consent of Company.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

This agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties
and any prior understanding or representation of any kind preceding the
date of this agreement shall not be binding upon either party except to
the extent incorporated in this agreement.

1.  **NOTICES**

Any notice provided for or concerning this agreement shall be in writing
and be deemed sufficiently given when sent by certified or registered
mail if sent to the respective address of each party as set forth at the
beginning of this agreement.

1.  **GOVERNING LAW**

It is agreed that this agreement shall be governed by, construed, and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE.

1.  **PARAGRAPH HEADINGS**

The titles to the paragraphs of this agreement are solely for the
convenience of the parties and shall not be used to explain, modify,
simplify, or aid in the interpretation of the provisions of this
agreement.

1.  **MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT**

Any modification of this agreement or additional obligation assumed by
either party in connection with this agreement shall be binding only if
evidenced in writing signed by each party or an authorized
representative of each party.

1.  **NO WAIVER**

The failure of either party to this agreement to insist upon the
performance of any of the terms and conditions of this agreement, or the
waiver of any breach of any of the terms and conditions of this
agreement, shall not be construed as thereafter waiving any such terms
and conditions, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and
effect as if no such forbearance or waiver had occurred.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY AGENCY

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
