**SUBCONTRACT AGREEMENT**

This Subcontract Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN: \[CONTRACTOR NAME\]** (the \"Contractor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

**AND: \[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\]** (the \"Subcontractor\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:

WHEREAS Contractor has entered into, or will hereafter enter into, a
general construction contract, henceforth \"The Prime Contract\" with
\[GENERAL CONTRACTOR\], to perform in accordance with various contract
documents and specifications certain work prepared by \[ARCHITECT\],
henceforth \"Architect\", and/or to furnish labor, materials, supplies,
labor and/or goods required to construct the following named and
described construction project:

\[DESCRIBE\], henceforth \"The Project\", located in \[ADDRESS\], and

WHEREAS Contractor desires to retain Subcontractor to perform certain
contract work in accordance with various contract documents and
specifications and/or to furnish labor, materials, supplies, labor
and/or goods for The Project;

NOW THEREFORE Contractor and Subcontractor agree as follows:

1.  **SUBCONTRACT WORK**

Subcontractor shall be employed as an independent contractor and shall
provide and furnish all labor, materials, tools, supplies, equipment,
services, facilities, supervision, and administration necessary for the
proper and complete performance and acceptance of the following portions
of the work, hereinafter

\"the Subcontract Work\", for the Project, together with such other
portions of the drawings, specifications and addendum as related
thereto:

SEE EXHIBIT A: Scope, Conditions, And List of Attachments

1.  **SUBCONTRACTOR PRICE**

In consideration of Subcontractor\'s performance of this Subcontract,
and at the times and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth, Contractor shall pay to Subcontractor the total sum of
\[AMOUNT\], hereinafter \"subcontract price.\" Said subcontract price is
dependant upon the conditions set forth in Exhibit A being met. Should
said conditions not be met, the subcontract amount shall be modified
accordingly.

1.  **SPECIAL CONDITIONS**

The Special Conditions to Subcontract are incorporated in this
Subcontract as though fully set forth herein. Subcontractor hereby
acknowledges receipt of the Special Conditions.

1.  **COMMUNICATION AND NOTICE**

    a.  All communications between Subcontractor and General Contractor,
        Owner or Architect shall be via Contractor.

    b.  Subcontractor shall furnish Contractor with periodic progress
        reports as required by Contractor, including status of material,
        equipment, manpower and submittal.

    c.  Subcontractor shall be deemed to have received notice of a fact,
        request, order, or demand when its Superintendent is notified,
        either orally or in writing, or \[NUMBER\] days after written
        notice is sent by registered or certified mail addressed to
        Subcontractor\'s last known place of business, whichever is
        sooner.

    d.  Contractor shall be deemed to have received notice of a fact,
        request, or demand \[NUMBER\] days after written notice is sent
        by registered or certified mail addressed to the following
        address:

\[CONTRACTOR\'S ADDRESS\]

1.  **GOVERNING LAW AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION**

    a.  The validity, interpretation, and performance of this
        Subcontract shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction
        where the Project is located.

    b.  Titles, captions, or headings to any provision, article, etc.,
        shall not limit the full contents of the same. These articles
        have the full force and effect as if no titles existed.

    c.  If any term or provision of this Subcontract is determined to be
        invalid, it shall not affect the validity and enforcement of the
        remaining terms and provisions of this Subcontract.

    d.  This contract shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
        the respective successors, assigns, representatives, and heirs
        of the parties herein.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **AMENDMENT**

This Subcontract shall only be amended or modified by written document
executed by authorized representatives of Contractor and Subcontractor.
This Subcontract supersedes all prior representations made by
Contractor.

1.  **ARBITRATION**

Any and all disputes or claims between the Contractor and the
Subcontractor arising out of this Subcontract shall be resolved by
submission of the same to \[SPECIFY\], for resolution by binding

arbitration according to \[SPECIFY\]\'s Rules of Arbitration. In so
agreeing the parties expressly waive their right to a jury trial, if
any, on these issues and further agree that the award of the arbitrator
shall be final and binding upon them as though rendered by a court of
law and shall be enforceable in any court having

jurisdiction over the same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

SUBCONTRACTOR CONTRACTOR

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
