**WAIVER OF NOTICE**

**ORGANIZATION MEETING OF INCORPORATORS**

**\[COMPANY NAME\]**

WE, THE UNDERSIGNED, being all the incorporators of the corporation
above named, organized under the laws of the State of \[STATE\], DO
HEREBY WAIVE NOTICE of the time, place and purpose of the organization
meeting of said incorporators, and do fix the \[DAY\]^th^ day of
\[MONTH\], \[YEAR\] at \[TIME\] as the time, and \[PLACE\] as the place
of said meeting.

And we do hereby waive all the requirements of the statutes of \[STATE\]
as to the notice of this meeting, and do consent to the transaction of
such business as may come before the meeting.

Dated: \[DATE\]

\[DIRECTOR 1\]

\[DIRECTOR 2\]

\[DIRECTOR 3\]

**MINUTES OF ORGANIZATION MEETING OF INCORPORATORS**

**\[COMPANY NAME\]**

The organization meeting of the incorporators was held on the \[DAY\]th
day of \[MONTH\], \[YEAR\] at \[TIME\], at \[PLACE\] pursuant to a
written waiver of notice, signed by all the incorporators fixing said
time and place.

1.  The following incorporators were present in person:

\[LIST OF NAMES\]

being all of the incorporators of the corporation.

\[NAME\] acted as Chairman and \[NAME\] was appointed Secretary of the
meeting.

1.  The Chairman announced that a Certificate of Incorporation had been
    issued to this corporation by \[the Department of State\] and that a
    certified copy of the Certificate had been forwarded for recording
    in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds and instructed the Secretary
    to cause a copy of the Certificate of Incorporation to be prefixed
    to the minutes.

**[Upon motion, duly made]{.underline}[, seconded and carried, it was
RESOLVED:]{.underline}**

That the certificate of Incorporation of the corporation be and it
hereby is accepted and that this corporation proceed to do business
thereunder.

1.  The Secretary presented a form of By-Laws for the regulation of the
    affairs of the corporation, which were read article by article.

**[Upon motion, d]{.underline}[uly made, seconded and carried, it was
]{.underline}[RESOLVED]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**

That the By-Laws presented at this meeting, as amended and attached to
the Minutes, were unanimously adopted and the Secretary was instructed
to cause the same to be inserted in the minute book immediately
following the copy of the Certificate of Incorporation.

1.  The Chairman stated that the next business before the meeting was
    the election of a Board of Directors.

After discussion, \[NAME\] and \[NAME\] were nominated for directors of
the corporation, to hold office for the ensuing year and until others
are chosen and qualified in their stead. No other nominations having
been made, the vote was taken and the aforesaid nominees declared duly
elected.

**[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
RESOLVED]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**

That the Board of Directors be and they are hereby authorized to issue
the capital stock of this corporation to the full amount or number of
shares authorized by the Certificate of Incorporation, in such amounts
and proportions as from time to time shall be determined by the Board,
and to accept in full or in part payment thereof such property as the
Board may determine shall be good and sufficient consideration and
necessary for the business of the corporation.

There being no further business to transact at this time, it was voted
to adjourn the meeting.

Dated: \[DATE\]

\[SECRETARY NAME\], Secretary \[CHAIRMAN NAME\], Chairman
