**WAIVER OF NOTICE**

**FIRST MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS**

**\[COMPANY NAME\]**

\\WE, THE UNDERSIGNED, being the directors elected by the incorporators
of the above named corporation, DO HEREBY WAIVE NOTICE of the time,
place and purpose of the first meeting of the Board of Directors of said
corporation.

We designate the \[DAY\]th day of \[MONTH\], \[YEAR\] at \[TIME\] as the
time and \[FULL ADDRESS\] as the place of said meeting; the purpose of
said meeting being to elect officers, authorize the issue of the capital
stock, authorize the purchase of property if necessary for the business
of the corporation, and the transaction of such other business as may be
necessary or advisable to facilitate and complete the organization of
said corporation, and to enable it to carry on its contemplated
business.

Dated: \[DATE\]

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\[NAME 1\]

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\[NAME 2\]

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\[NAME 3\]

**MINUTES OF FIRST MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS**

**\[COMPANY NAME\]**

1.  The first meeting of the Board of Directors was held at \[PLACE\] on
    the \[DAY\]th day of \[MONTH\], \[YEAR\] at \[TIME\].

Present were:

\[LIST OF NAMES\]

constituting a quorum of the Board.

1.  \[NAME\] acted as Chairman and \[NAME\] was appointed temporary
    Secretary of the meeting.

2.  The Secretary presented and read a waiver of notice of the meeting,
    signed by all the directors.

3.  The minutes of the organization meeting of incorporators were read
    and approved.

4.  The following persons were nominated to the offices set opposite
    their respective names, to serve for one year and until their
    successors are chosen and qualify:

\[NAME\] - Chairman

\[NAME\] - Vice Chairman

\[NAME\] - Secretary

\[NAME\] - President

\[NAME\] - Chief Financial Officer

1.  All the directors present having voted, the Chairman announced that
    the aforesaid had been unanimously chosen as said officers,
    respectively.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  The Chairman thereupon took the chair and the Secretary thereupon
    entered upon the discharge of his duties.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
    ]{.underline}[RESOLVED:]{.underline}**

That the stock certificates of this corporation shall be in the form
submitted at this meeting.

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
    RESOLVED]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**

That the seal, an impression of which is herewith affixed, be adopted as
the corporate seal of this corporation.

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
    RESOLVED]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**

That the officers of this corporation be authorized and directed to open
a bank account in the name of the corporation, in accordance with a form
of bank resolution attached to the minutes of this meeting.

1.  \[NAME\] reported the following balances in the bank accounts of the
    corporation at \[BANK\]:

Savings \[ACCOUNT #\]: \[AMOUNT\]

Checking \[ACCOUNT #\]: \[AMOUNT\]

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, the following
    preambles and resolutions were ]{.underline}[unanimously
    adopted:]{.underline}**

WHEREAS, the following offer has been made to the corporation in
consideration of the issuance of full paid and non-assessable shares of
the corporation:

Price = \[AMOUNT\] per share

\[NUMBER\] shares issued to \[NAME\]

\[NUMBER\] shares issued to \[NAME\]

\[NUMBER\] shares issued to \[NAME\]

(\[NAME\], \[NAME\] and \[NAME\] hereafter known as \"Offerors\")

WHEREAS, In the judgment of this Board of Directors of this corporation,
said offer is good and sufficient consideration for the shares demanded
therefore and necessary for the business of this corporation,

[Now, therefore, be it RESOLVED]{.underline}:

That the aforesaid offer be and is hereby accepted and that the
President and Secretary of this corporation be and they hereby are
authorized and directed to execute in the name and on behalf of this
corporation, and under its corporate seal, such agreement or agreements
as may be necessary in accordance with said offer.

[FURTHER RESOLVED]{.underline}:

That the President and Secretary be and they hereby are authorized and
directed to issue and deliver in accordance with said offer certificates
of full paid and non-assessable shares of this corporation to the said
Offerors.

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, the following
    preambles and resolutions were
    ]{.underline}[u]{.underline}[nanimously adopted: ]{.underline}**

WHEREAS, the following loans have been offered to the corporation in
consideration of the issuance of promissory notes from the corporation:

\[LIST\]

WHEREAS, in the judgment of this Board of Directors of this corporation,
said offer is good and sufficient consideration for the loan offered
therefore and necessary for the business of this corporation,

[Now, therefore, be it RESOLVED:]{.underline}

That the aforesaid offer be and is hereby accepted and that the proper
officers of this corporation be and they hereby are authorized and
directed to execute in the name and on behalf of this corporation, and
under its corporate seal, such agreements, copies of which are attached
hereto, as may be necessary in accordance with said offer.

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
    ]{.underline}[RESOLVED:]{.underline}**

That in compliance with the laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\],
this corporation have and continuously maintain a registered office
within the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\] and have an agent at all times in
charge thereof, upon which agent process against this corporation may be
served, and that the books and records of the corporation shall be
available for examination by any stockholder for any proper purpose as
provided by law.

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
    ]{.underline}[RESOLVED:]{.underline}**

That the proper officers of the corporation be and they hereby are
authorized and directed on behalf of the corporation, and under its
corporate seal, to make and file such certificate, report or other
instrument as may be required by law to be filed in any state,
territory, or dependency of the United States, or in any foreign
country, in which said officers shall find it necessary or expedient to
file the same to authorize the corporation to transact business in such
state, territory, dependency or foreign country.

1.  **[Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, it was
    RESOLVED]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**

That the Chief Financial Officer be and hereby is authorized to pay all
fees and expenses incident to and necessary for the organization of the
corporation.

There being no further business, the meeting upon motion adjourned.

Dated: \[DATE\]

\[SECRETARY NAME\], Secretary \[CHAIRMAN NAME\], Chairman
