Power of Attorney, Revocation

I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Declarant"), of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Address),
through my Power of Attorney dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Power of Attorney") made and appointed
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, my true and lawful attorney in fact
for the purposes, and with the powers set forth in the document.

I hereby give notice that I have revoked and canceled, and hereby do
revoke and cancel, the Power of Attorney, and all powers and authority
given, provided or implied therein to in that Power of Attorney.

In witness of this act, I have signed this Notice of Revocation of Power
of Attorney on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date).

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Revoker of Power of Attorney

On this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), before me, personally
appeared known to be the person described in and who executed the
foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same
as their free act and deed.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public

Commission Expires on:

Power of Attorney, Revocation

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. If in doubt, always revoke a
Power of Attorney granted to another person. You can always reinstate a
new Power of Attorney with that person or another as circumstances
dictate.

1\. Sign this Revocation of Power of Attorney in front of a notary to
insure its holding up in Court should it be challenged at a later date.
This is not absolutely required but it is strongly recommended. Courts
tend to be partial to notarized documents.

2.  Practically, your best bet after this Revocation is to recover and
    destroy all copies of the prior Power of Attorney then outstanding.

3\. Send notice of the Revocation to anyone who had a copy of the
original Power of Attorney, or any related party whom that person might
have dealt with such as a bank, trust, or other fiduciary. Keep copies
of this mailing list.

4\. Keep a copy of the document in your home safe and another in
accessible home files. If you have an attorney, be sure they have a copy
as well.
