Power of Attorney, General

I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_("Declarant"), residing at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, hereby appoint
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Agent") of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, as my attorney-in-fact
(\"Agent\") to exercise the powers and discretions described below.

If the Agent is unable or unwilling to serve for any reason, I appoint
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Alternate Agent"), of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, as my
alternate or successor Agent, as the case may be to serve with the same
powers and discretions.

I hereby revoke any and all general powers of attorney and special
powers of attorney that previously have been signed by me. However, the
preceding sentence shall not have the effect of revoking any powers of
attorney that are directly related to my health care that previously
have been signed by me.

My Agent shall have full power and authority to act on my behalf. This
power and authority shall authorize my Agent to manage and conduct all
of my affairs and to exercise all of my legal rights and powers,
including all rights and powers that I may acquire in the future. My
Agent\'s powers shall include, but not be limited to, the power to:

1\. Open, maintain or close bank accounts (including, but not limited
to, checking accounts, savings accounts, and certificates of deposit),
brokerage accounts, retirement plan accounts, and other similar accounts
with financial institutions.

a\. Conduct any business with any banking or financial institution with
respect to any of my accounts, including, but not limited to, making
deposits and withdrawals, negotiating or endorsing any checks or other
instruments with respect to any such accounts, obtaining bank
statements, passbooks, drafts, money orders, warrants, and certificates
or vouchers payable to me by any person, firm, corporation or political
entity.

b\. Perform any act necessary to deposit, negotiate, sell or transfer
any note, security, or draft of the United States of America, including
U.S. Treasury Securities.

c\. Have access to any safe deposit box that I might own, including its
contents.

2\. Sell, exchange, buy, invest, or reinvest any assets or property
owned by me. Such assets or property may include income producing or
non-income producing assets and property.

3\. Purchase and/or maintain insurance and annuity contracts, including
life insurance upon my life or the life of any other appropriate person.

4\. Take any and all legal steps necessary to collect any amount or debt
owed to me, or to settle any claim, whether made against me or asserted
on my behalf against any other person or entity.

5\. Enter into binding contracts on my behalf.

6\. Exercise all stock rights on my behalf as my proxy, including all
rights with respect to stocks, bonds, debentures, commodities, options
or other investments.

7\. Maintain and/or operate any business that I may own.

8\. Employ professional and business assistance, as may be appropriate,
including attorneys, accountants, and real estate agents, for my
personal or business affairs.

9\. Sell, convey, lease, mortgage, manage, insure, improve, repair, or
perform any other act with respect to any of my property (now owned or
later acquired) including, but not limited to, real estate and real
estate rights (including the right to remove tenants and to recover
possession). This includes the right to sell or encumber any homestead
that I now own or may own in the future.

10\. Prepare, sign, and file documents with any governmental body or
agency, including, but not limited to, authorization to:

a\. Prepare, sign and file income and other tax returns with federal,
state, local, and other governmental bodies.

b\. Obtain information or documents from any government or its agencies,
and represent me in all tax matters, including the authority to
negotiate, compromise, or settle any matter with such government or
agency.

c\. Prepare applications, provide information, and perform any other act
reasonably requested by any government or its agencies in connection
with governmental benefits (including medical, military and social
security benefits), and to appoint anyone, including my Agent, to act as
my \"Representative Payee\" for the purpose of receiving Social Security
benefits.

11\. Make gifts from my assets to members of my family and to such other
persons or charitable organizations with whom I have an established
pattern of giving, to file state and federal gift tax returns, and to
file a tax election to split gifts with my spouse, if any.

However, my Agent shall be prohibited, except as specifically authorized
in this instrument, from (a) gifting, appointing, assigning or
designating any of my assets, interests or rights, directly or
indirectly, to my Agent, my Agent\'s estate or creditors, or the
creditors of my Agent\'s estate, (b) exercising any powers of
appointment I may hold in favor of my Agent, my Agent\'s estate or
creditors, or the creditors of my Agent\'s estate, or (c) using my
assets to discharge any of my Agent\'s legal obligations, including any
obligations of support which my Agent may owe to others, excluding those
whom I am legally obligated to support. I appoint
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, as
my substitute Agent for the sole purpose of making gifts of my property
to my Agent or disclaiming assets that then pass directly or indirectly
to my Agent or my Agent\'s estate, as either may be appropriate (unless
this substitute Agent is also the Agent).

12\. Transfer any of my assets to the trustee of any revocable trust
created by me, if such trust is in existence at the time of such
transfer.

13\. Subject to other provisions of this document, disclaim any
interest, which might otherwise be transferred or distributed to me from
any other person, estate, trust, or other entity, as may be appropriate.
However, my Agent may not disclaim assets, to which I would be entitled,
if the result is that the disclaimed assets pass directly or indirectly
to my Agent or my Agent\'s estate.

This Power of Attorney shall be construed broadly as a general Power of
Attorney. The listing of specific powers is not intended to limit or
restrict the general powers granted in this Power of Attorney in any
manner.

Any power or authority granted to my Agent under this document shall be
limited to the extent necessary to prevent this Power of Attorney from
causing: (i) my income to be taxable to my Agent, (ii) my assets to be
subject to a general power of appointment by my Agent, or (iii) my Agent
to have any incidents of ownership with respect to any life insurance
policies that I may own on the life of my Agent.

My Agent shall not be liable for any loss that results from a judgment
error that was made in good faith. However, my Agent shall be liable for
willful misconduct or the failure to act in good faith while acting
under the authority of this Power of Attorney. A successor Agent shall
not be liable for acts of a prior Agent.

No person who relies in good faith on the authority of my Agent under
this instrument shall incur any liability to my estate, my personal
representative or me. I authorize my Agent to indemnify and hold
harmless any third party who accepts and acts under this document. If
any part of any provision of this instrument shall be invalid or
unenforceable under applicable law, such part shall be ineffective to
the extent of such invalidity only, without in any way affecting the
remaining parts of such provision or the remaining provisions of this
instrument.

My Agent shall be entitled to reasonable compensation for any services
provided as my Agent. My Agent shall be entitled to reimbursement of all
reasonable expenses incurred as a result of carrying out any provision
of this Power of Attorney.

My Agent shall provide an accounting for all funds handled and all acts
performed as my Agent, but only if I so request or if such a request is
made by any authorized personal representative or fiduciary acting on my
behalf.

This Power of Attorney shall become effective immediately, and shall not
be affected by my disability or lack of mental competence, except as may
be provided otherwise by an applicable state statute. This is a Durable
Power of Attorney. This Power of Attorney shall continue effective until
my death. This Power of Attorney may be revoked by me at any time by
providing written notice to my Agent.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:

Declarant

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Signature: Witness Signature

Address: Address

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, by Claimant,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, who is personally known to me or who has
produced \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ as identification.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Signature of Notary taking acknowledgment

Date of Expiration:

Power of Attorney, General

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. A Power of Attorney must be
signed by a principal who is mentally competent and the signature should
be notarized. Notarization is strongly recommended to make it harder for
a third party to challenge the validity of the signature, and allows the
document to be \"recorded\" for use with real estate transactions, if
recording becomes necessary or advisable. Two witnesses are recommended
to meet the standard of various state laws. As usual, witnesses should
be adults over 21, not be related to the Declarant, nor benefit in any
way from his or her activities, assets, or anything else.

Make several copies. Be sure to send copies to anyone having or possibly
having a previous Power of Attorney in their possession. Keep one in
your home safe and give one to your lawyer, should you have one. If
there is any question of mental competence, be sure to include a
physician's statement to the effect the Declarant is fully and
completely mentally competent. Such a form is included in the Power of
Attorney section.
