## Testimonial Consent and Release

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Name & Address) (\"Releaser\"), I hereby consent to give, consent, and
forever grant to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name &
Address) (\"Manufacturer\"), its representatives, licensees, marketers,
and any other related parties or publishers of its promotional materials
and their successors and assigns, the right of use of any text or other
materials, prepared or created by Manufacturer, which text or other
material depicts, quotes, or otherwise is attributed to Releaser. This
consent and grant includes the right to combine these comments, text, or
other material attributed to Releaser in any documents or products it
uses worldwide.

Releaser also hereby releases Manufacturer and such other parties from
any obligation to make any payment hereunder or from any other liability
incurred in connection with the use of any such text or other material
in the manner provided above. Releaser acknowledges their full and
complete satisfaction with the terms of this Release.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Releaser Manufacturer

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

If the Releaser is less than eighteen (1 8) years of age, complete the
following the parent or legal guardian must complete the following part
of the Release.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name and
Address) ("Parent/Legal Guardian"), hereby warrant that I am the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Parent or Legal
Guardian) of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name of minor
subject to this Agreement), a minor, and have full authority to
authorize the above Release, which I have read and approved. I hereby
release and agree to indemnify the licensed parties and their respective
successors and assigns, from and against any and all liability arising
out of the exercise of the rights granted by the above Testimonial
Consent and Release.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Releaser's Parent or Legal Guardian Date

# Testimonial Consent and Release

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. This Testimonial Consent and Release form should be used only to
obtain consent for the use of a quotation in an advertisement,
publication, or on product literature.

2\. If the quotation to be used comes from a minor (generally under 18
years of age), be sure the parent or legal guardian also signs to
acknowledge consent. Be sure to get this agreement since not doing so
opens you up to substantial liability.

3\. The Manufacturer should keep the original signed Release. A
photocopy should be given to the person giving the consent for his or
her records. If a minor is involved, give one copy to the minor and
another separately to the parent or legal guardian.

4\. We suggest you keep a separate copy of the signed agreement with the
paperwork accompanying the product development and final records
themselves. This extra step can save you a substantial amount of time
when this data must be reviewed, especially in a large financial
transaction, audit, or similar activity, such as the sale of your
company.
