## Talent and Model Video and Film Release

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged,
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Name & Address) (\"Releaser\"), I hereby give, consent, and forever
grant to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name & Address)
(\"Manufacturer\"), its representatives, licensees, marketers, and any
other related parties or publishers of its promotional materials and
their successors and assigns, the right to use, publish and copyright my
picture, portrait or likeness, in video and film format, in whole or
part, including alterations, modifications, derivations, and composite
thereof, in CDs, films, advertising and similar such promotions and
renditions throughout the world. This right shall include the right to
combine my likeness with others and to alter my likeness by digital or
other means.

Releaser also hereby releases Manufacturer and such other parties from
any obligation to make any payment hereunder or from any other liability
incurred in connection with the use of any the materials described
above. Releaser acknowledges his or her full and complete satisfaction
with the terms of this Release.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Releaser Manufacturer

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

If the Releaser is less than 18 years of age, the following should be
filled out.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name and
Address) ("Parent/Legal Guardian"), hereby warrant that I am the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Parent or Legal
Guardian) of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name of minor
subject to this Agreement), a minor, and have full authority to
authorize the above Release, which I have read and approved. I hereby
release and agree to indemnify the licensed parties and their respective
successors and assigns, from and against any and all liability arising
out of the exercise of the rights granted by the above Talent and Model
Release.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Releaser's Parent or Legal Guardian Date

# Talent and Model Video and Film Release

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. This Talent and Model Release form should be used only to obtain
consent for the photographic, video, and film and likeness issues as
listed in the Agreement. As a practical matter, you should have this
document signed prior to any video, film, or photo sessions and
certainly prior to any use of the Releaser's photo or likeness in these
media. Have several copies so any adjustments can be made and initialed
on the spot, such as payment being given or arranged on the spot when
enthusiasm is high for the project at hand and the individual geared up
to do the work.

2\. If the Releaser is a minor, under 18 as a rule, be sure the parent
or legal guardian also signs to acknowledge consent. Be sure to get this
agreement in advance of any video, film, photo, or other such activities
commence, since not doing so opens you up to substantial liability if
you choose to use the materials.

3\. The Manufacturer should keep the original signed Release. A
photocopy should be given to the person giving the consent for his or
her records. If a minor is involved, give one copy to the minor and
another separately to the parent or legal guardian.

4\. We suggest you keep a separate copy of the signed agreement with the
paperwork accompanying the product development and final records
themselves. This extra step can save you a substantial amount of time
when this data must be reviewed, especially in a large financial
transaction, audit, or similar activity, such as the sale of your
company.
