Authorization for Release of Medical Records

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Patient") of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(Address),
with Social Security Number \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
hereby authorizes the release, disclose, and delivery of the medical
information described below to: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Authorized Recipient).

[Specific Authorization]{.underline}. I specifically authorize the
release of [all]{.underline} medical information relating to the
above-named patient including but not limited to the following
categories protected by state or federal law: (1) Substance abuse (drug
or alcohol) treatment (2) Mental health treatment and (3)
HIV-AIDS-related information, if such information is contained in the
records. This request includes any reports, correspondence, test
results, and any other information contained in the records, whether
generated by the authorized provider or another entity.

I do not give permission for any other use or redisclosure of this
information.

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Patient

[Redisclosure]{.underline}. This release does not authorize redisclosure
of medical information beyond the limits of this consent. The Recipient
of this information is prohibited from using the information for other
than the stated purpose, and from disclosing it to any other party
without further authorization from me, the patient. The following
written statement should accompany certain disclosures:

This information has been disclosed to you from records protected by
Federal confidentiality rules (42 CFR Part 2). The Federal rules
prohibit you from making any further disclosure of this information
unless further disclosure is expressly permitted by the written consent
of the person to whom it pertains or as otherwise permitted by 42 CFR
Part 2. A general authorization for the release of medical or other
information is NOT sufficient for this purpose. The Federal rules
restrict any use of the information to criminally investigate or
prosecute any alcohol or drug abuse patient.

The Patient specifically understands and agrees that the REDISCLOSURE
requirements set out above will apply to these records.

[Validity and Time Period]{.underline}. I understand that this
authorization will automatically expire one year from the date of my
signature, and that I may revoke this authorization by sending a written
notice to the person or entity authorized to make the disclosure
described above. I agree that any release which has been made prior to
revocation and which was made in reliance upon this authorization shall
not constitute a breach of my rights to confidentiality.

I authorize the release of information as indicated above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Patient

# Authorization for Release of Medical Records

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Remember to include the
cover letter and read the review list prior to doing so.

1\. The Authorization must be signed and dated in two places by the
patient or the patient\'s authorized representative, such as a parent
for a minor. The first signature specifies what medical records can and
cannot be released. The second signature relates to the entire form.

2.  Send two signed copies to the health care provider. They can keep
    one set and send you back the other.

3.  If this release is for litigation purposes, your litigation lawyer
    should handle the matter directly with the Health Care Provider on
    your behalf.
