Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care

Declaration of a Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care Only

1\. [Declaration]{.underline}.

A. [Life Sustaining Procedures]{.underline}. Declaration made on this
date, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Declarant"), being of
sound mind, willfully and voluntarily make known my desire that my dying
shall not be artificially prolonged under the circumstances set forth
below, and do hereby declare:

If at any time I should have an incurable injury, disease, or illness
certified to be a terminal condition or a permanently unconscious
condition by two (2) physicians who have personally examined me, one of
whom shall be my attending physician, and the physicians have determined
that my death will occur whether or not life-sustaining procedures are
utilized, or that I will remain in a permanently unconscious condition,
and where the application of life-sustaining procedures would serve only
to prolong artificially the dying process, I direct that such procedures
be withheld or withdrawn, and that I be permitted to die naturally with
only the administration of medication, sustenance, or the performance of
any medical procedure deemed necessary to provide me with comfortable
care.

B. [Hydration and Nutrition]{.underline}. I realize that situations
could arise in which the only way to allow me to die would be to
discontinue artificial nutrition and hydration. In carrying out any
instruction I have given under this section, I authorize that artificial
nutrition and hydration BE STARTED, or if started, BE CONTINUED.

C. [Pregnancy]{.underline}. If I have been diagnosed as pregnant and
that diagnosis is known to my physician, this document shall have no
force or effect during the course of my pregnancy. However, if at any
point it is determined that it is not possible that the fetus could
develop to the point of live birth with continued application of
life-sustaining procedures, it is my preference that this document be
given effect at that point. If life-sustaining procedures will be
physically harmful or unreasonably painful to me in a manner that cannot
be alleviated by medication, I request that my desire for personal
physical comfort be given consideration in determining whether this
document shall be effective if I am pregnant.

In the absence of my ability to give directions regarding the use of
such life-sustaining procedures, it is my intention that this
Declaration shall be honored by my family and physicians as the final
expression of my legal right to refuse medical or surgical treatment and
accept the consequences from such refusal.

2\. [Declaration of Health care Agent]{.underline}. I, the Declarant,
hereby appoint: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Agent") as my Agent to
make any and all health care decisions for me, except to the extent I
state otherwise in this document or as prohibited by law. My agent must
act consistently with my desires as stated in this document or otherwise
made known. This Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care shall take
effect in the event I become unable to make my own health care
decisions.

3\. [Statement of Desires, Special Provisions, and Limitations regarding
Health Care Decisions and Options]{.underline}. I give my Agent power to
act in these specified circumstances: If I become permanently
incompetent to make health care decisions, and if I am also suffering
from a terminal illness, I authorize my Agent to direct that
life-sustaining treatment be discontinued. Whether terminally ill or
not, if I become permanently unconscious I authorize my Agent to direct
that life-sustaining treatment be discontinued. I realize that
situations could arise in which the only way to allow me to die would be
to discontinue artificial feeding (artificial nutrition and hydration).
In carrying out any instructions I have given in this power of attorney,
I authorize my Agent to direct that artificial nutrition and hydration
not to be started or, if started, be discontinued.

4\. [Designation of an Alternate Agent]{.underline}. In the event the
person I appoint above is unable, unwilling or unavailable, or
ineligible to act as my Health Care Agent, I hereby appoint the
following persons as Alternate Agent:

# [First Alternate Agent]{.underline}

Agent Name:

Address:

Phone: Home: Work:

# [Second Alternate Agent]{.underline}

Agent Name:

Address:

Phone: Home: Work:

5\. [Other Provisions]{.underline}. I hereby acknowledge that I have
been provided with a disclosure statement explaining the effect of this
document. I have read and understand the information contained in the
disclosure statement. I understand the full import of this Declaration
and Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care and I am emotionally and
mentally competent to make this Declaration and Durable Power of
Attorney for Health Care.

6\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Declarant:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to My Physician:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

7\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

8\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

9\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

10\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

11\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Declarant My Physician

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

We, the following witnesses, being duly sworn, each declare to the
notary public or justice of the peace or other official signing below as
follows:

1\. Declarant affirmed that he or she is aware of the nature of the
document and signed the instrument as a free and voluntary act for the
purposes expressed, or expressly directed another to sign for him or
her.

2\. Each witness signed at the request of Declarant, in his or her
presence, and in the presence of the other witness.

3\. To the best of my knowledge, at the time of the signing, Declarant
was at least 18 years of age, and was of sane and sound mind and under
no constraint, duress, or undue influence.

4\. Neither of the undersigned witnesses is (i) Declarant's spouse, or
(ii) Declarant's attending physician, or person acting under the
direction or control of the attending physician or any other person who
has a claim against Declarant's estate.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Signature:

Name:

Address:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Signature:

Name:

Address:

State of New Hampshire

County of

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public or Justice of the Peace

My Commission Expires: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Copy List: Must include Physician; list them here:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is literally a "life
and death" issue for you. Treat it seriously accordingly. You are
turning your fate over to others, if you elect to sign it.

Except to the extent you state otherwise, this document gives the person
you name as your Agent the authority to make any and all health care
decisions for you when you are no longer capable of making them
yourself. \"Health care\" means any treatment, service or procedure to
maintain, diagnose or treat your physical or mental condition. Your
Agent, therefore, can have the power to make a broad range of health
care decisions for you. Your Agent may consent, refuse to consent, or
withdraw consent to medical treatment and may make decisions about
withdrawing or withholding life-sustaining treatment. Your Agent cannot
consent or direct any of the following: commitment to a state
institution, sterilization, or termination of treatment if you are
pregnant and if the withdrawal of that treatment is deemed likely to
terminate the pregnancy unless the failure to withhold the treatment
will be physically harmful to you or prolong severe pain which cannot be
alleviated by medication.

You may modify this document to indicate any treatment you do not
desire, except as stated above, or treatment you want to be sure you
receive. Your Agent\'s authority will begin when your doctor certifies
that you lack the capacity to make health care decisions. If for moral
or religious reasons you do not wish to be treated by a doctor or
examined by a doctor for the certification that you lack capacity, you
must say so in the document and name a person to be able to certify your
lack of capacity. That person may not be your Agent or Alternate Agent
or any person ineligible to be your Agent.

If you want to give your Agent authority to withhold or withdraw the
artificial providing of nutrition and fluids, your document must say so.
Otherwise, your Agent will not be able to direct that. Under no
conditions will your Agent be able to direct the withholding of food and
drink for you to eat and drink normally.

Your Agent will be obligated to follow your instructions when making
decisions on your behalf. Unless you state otherwise, your Agent will
have the same authority to make decisions about your health care as you
would have had if made consistent with state law. If any of the above
concerns you, don't sign the document.

It is important that you discuss this document with your physician or
other health care providers, as well as your lawyer, before you sign it
to make sure that you understand the nature and range of decisions,
which may be made, on your behalf. If you do not have a physician, you
should talk with someone else who is knowledgeable about these issues
and can answer your questions.

The person you appoint as your Agent should be someone you know and
trust and must be at least 18 years old. If you appoint your health or
residential care provider (e.g., your physician, or an employee of a
home health agency, hospital, nursing home, or residential care home,
other than a relative), that person will have to choose between acting
as your Agent or as your health or residential care provider; the law
does not permit a person to do both at the same time, for obvious
reasons to protect your own interests.

You should consult the individual you would like to appoint in advance
of signing this document so that they can affirmatively tell you the
will be willing to undertake this possible life and death responsibility
to act as your Health Care Agent. If they elect to not undertake this
responsibility, thank them and find another prospect Agent and repeat
the process until you find someone willing to act in this serious
capacity on your behalf. Whatever you do, do not surprise someone with
this responsibility. You should discuss this document with your agreed
upon Agent and your physician and give each a signed copy. You should
indicate on the document itself the people and institutions that will
have signed copies. Your Agent will not be liable for health care
decisions made in good faith on your behalf.

Even after you have signed this document, you have the right to make
health care decisions for yourself as long as you are able to do so, and
treatment cannot be given to you or stopped over your objection. You
have the right to revoke the authority granted to your Agent by
informing him or her or your health care provider orally or in writing.
If you get cold feet later, we have provided a revocation document in
this Agreement. You may revoke the Agreement just to appoint another
Agent, as circumstances dictate or your life or their life changes to
make it inappropriate for them to act on your behalf.

We strongly recommend you appoint someone significantly younger than
yourself as Agent, if you elect to sign this Agreement, to avoid, or at
least increase the odds, of them predeceasing you or having serious
health problems themselves which would prohibit them acting
appropriately on your behalf.

This document may not be changed or modified. If you want to make
changes in the document you must make an entirely new one. This
includes, but is not limited to, appointing a new Agent as discussed
above.

You should consider designating an Alternate Agent in the event that
your Agent is unwilling, unable, unavailable, or ineligible to act as
your Agent. Any Alternate Agent you designate will have the same
authority to make health care decisions for you

This power of attorney will not be effective unless signed in the
presence of 2 or more qualified witnesses. The following people may not
act as witnesses: the nominated Agent or Alternate Agent; your spouse;
any lawful heirs or beneficiaries named in your will or deed. Only one
of the two witnesses may be your related in any way or capacity to your
health or residential care provider for obvious conflict of interest
reasons and your personal protection by the law and statute.

Many states require that each provision be separately initialed. Since
this has become the standard, you should consider it an absolute
requirement to initial each and every paragraph, or sign it in full, if
you so prefer.

To be on the safe side, initial each and every page of this document to
prevent page substitution and prevent that assertion being made in any
court of law. In addition, indicate who is on the copy list so those
copies are accounted for, and, if necessary, can be retrieved for
purposes of authentication, modification, or revocation.

[Reasons for an Update or Revocation]{.underline}

1\. You change your mind for any reason whatsoever.

2\. You learn you have a terminal condition after signing this health
care directive. This will provide an opportunity to restate or change
your wishes in light of your new health status.

3\. Change or set limits on the medical care that is provided.

4\. Respond to a changing medical technology.

5\. Respond to a change in health care laws.

6\. Respond to a change in health, including pregnancy.

7\. Life circumstances suggest appointing a different Agent.

8\. Many more. Do not be reluctant to modify this Agreement should you
so desire.

We strongly recommend you speak to your lawyer and clergyman about these
decisions to be sure you are comfortable with them. This is literally a
"life and death" situation. It bears serious discussion with those you
trust most.
