Referral Request, for Patient

Name Insurance Coverage In:

Plan #:

Family Name Covered Under Plan:

Individual Covered & Subject to This Letter:

Social Security Number of Individual:

Dear \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Your Physician)

The purpose of this letter is to obtain a referral to a specialist. I am
seeking your approval for that referral. If possible I would like you to
refer me to: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ for the following reasons:

Please send me a copy of your referral or have someone in your office
phone to advise me of its being done so we can get on with the medicine
in the matter!

If you have any questions, call me as soon as convenient at:

Thanks, as usual, for your help and the fast service of your office in
handling referrals.

Best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Writer

# Referral Request, for Patient

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Your physician is on your
side and frustrated with the paperwork related to getting
referrals---even more than you are. So be a comrade in arms here.

Most physicians' offices now have faxes to send referral requests to.
The more information you can send on your first request the profitable
your account is and the less frustrated their staff will be with you.
Therefore, get it right the first time and they will be on your side on
a regular basis, especially if it is a small practice when they get to
"know" the people (i.e., the "good" ones, the "bad" ones, the "crazy"
ones, and so on and so on). You want to get on the "good" list. It will
help you fight Insurance denial of claims and on and on.

If you do not know of a specialist, change the letter to reflect that.
No need for a file; just keep the information paper clipped together in
an open file and mark your calendar to call them in a few days if they
haven't responded. If you have a fax machine at home, request them to
fax back their response. This saves them time, money, and the pressure
of a phone call. Emails are ok for some things; but in the document
business, faxes work better, as a rule. If your doctor prefers email
communication, though, use it.

Tip: Next time you are in the office, thank them for their help on
referrals and ask your Doc how he or she likes to be communicated with
on this and other matters. Few ask; you will stand out by doing so. You
will also be able to give the Doc a little well deserved therapy as they
complain about the process.
