Revocation of Health Care Durable Power of Attorney

I, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, ("Declarant"), of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Address), do hereby revoke any and all power and authority granted to
my physician, health care provider, or health care agent in the past,
but especially the previous Health Care Durable Power Attorney attached
in Exhibit 1, and dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, appointing
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to act as my health
care Agent. All such Durable Power of Attorney's, including but not
limited to the one named above, are hereby revoked and withdrawn and
this document provides notice of such revocation.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Declarant My Physician

I acknowledge and declare I am not the Declarant\'s spouse or heir at
the time of witnessing this document, nor am I associated with any
health care facility in which Declarant resides or uses in any manner
whatsoever.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Signature**:**

Witness Name:

Witness Address:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Signature:

Witness Name:

Witness Address:

Names of institutions/individuals who have been provided a copy of this
revocation: Should include all parties receiving prior Agreement and the
signatory thereto, "My Physician."

# Revocation of Health Care Durable Power of Attorney

# Review List

# This review list is provided to inform you about this document in question and assist you in its preparation. If in doubt, revoke your Health Care Durable Power of Attorney. Make sure that your Revocation accurately identifies the document(s) that you wish to revoke. The full title of each document you are revoking, as stated on the document, should be identified on the Revocation.

Because the attending physician or health care provider must receive
notice of the Revocation, it is recommended that the Revocation be
mailed by certified mail to the provider\'s last known address.
Alternatively, a copy of the Revocation may be hand-delivered to the
provider, in which case the provider should sign the document
acknowledging receipt of the Revocation. The latter is a better
solution, all the way around. If Declarant is residing in any health
care or other related facility, a copy of the Revocation should be place
in his or her Medical file.

1\. Make multiple copies so the original attending physician, "My
physician," has a copy as well as for your estate planning file and a
separate copy for yourself.

2\. Any new Health Care Durable Power of Attorney will supercede the
Revocation. However, if you do take this step, you are advised to
reference the former Revocation and include it as an exhibit to your new
document. Do this to keep your records in order and make sure your
directives are followed without document dispute.
