**AGREEMENT BETWEEN CARRIER AND SHIPPER**

This Agreement is made and effective \[DATE\],

**BETWEEN \[CARRIER NAME\]**a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of \[State\], with its principal office located at \[Address\],
\[City\], \[County\], \[State\], referred to in this agreement as
"Carrier"

**AND \[SHIPPER NAME\]**, of \[Address\], \[City\], \[County\],
\[State\], referred to in this agreement as "Shipper".

In consideration of the mutual covenants and promises set forth in this
agreement, carrier and shipper agree as follows:

1.  **TRANSPORTATION OF GOODS**

For the consideration described in this agreement, carrier shall ship
\[DESCRIBE GOODS TO BE SHIPPED\] from shipper at \[ADDRESS\] to \[NAME
OF CONSIGNEE\], consignee, at \[ADDRESS\].

1.  **TIME OF PICKUP AND DELIVERY**

The date and time of pickup requested by shipper is \[DATE\], at
\[TIME\]*.* Shipper's preferred arrival date is \[DATE\]. Although
carrier transports all shipments with reasonable dispatch, carrier
cannot operate on a set schedule. If delivery cannot be made within the
period set forth, however, carrier will notify shipper when delivery can
be expected.

Carrier shall, on pickup of the goods, issue \[NEGOTIABLE (ORDER) OR
NONNEGOTIABLE (STRAIGHT)\] bills of lading for such goods.

1.  **STORAGE SERVICE**

Storage may be ordered by shipper at any time from pickup to delivery.
Except where the storage service ordered is in transit, carrier shall
issue its standard warehouse receipt. That receipt shall then supersede
this agreement, unless objected to by shipper within \[Number\] days of
mailing of the receipt. A charge will be made for warehouse labor in and
out of regular storage and for wrapping, packing, and accessorial
service. Storage is authorized in any warehouse of carrier.

Shipper authorizes carrier, at carrier's option, to place the goods in
storage at destination in the event delivery cannot be made on arrival
and authorizes the advancing of any dock or other charge made by any
warehouseman for the account of shipper. Shipper further authorizes the
advancing of any additional charges for storage, handling, and
transportation that accrue if the goods are not accepted at destination.

1.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

The released value of the goods to be transported is hereby specifically
stated by shipper to be \[AMOUNT\] \[PER POUND OR PER ARTICLE\]. The
rates quoted in this agreement are based on such agreed or released
value, and carrier's liability is limited accordingly. Protection
against loss or damage exceeding carrier's liability under this
agreement may be secured, if desired, by obtaining additional insurance
coverage through carrier.

1.  **INSURANCE**

Notwithstanding the declaration of value in Section 4, shipper hereby
declares the total actual value of the entire lot of goods to be
\[AMOUNT\], and requests that carrier obtain insurance coverage for such
amount at the rate of \[AMOUNT\] per \[AMOUNT\] for a total protection
charge of \[AMOUNT\].

Shipper warrants that the amount declared in this agreement is the full
actual value of the goods. In the event that the actual value of the
entire lot is in excess of the amount so declared, shipper shall be
regarded as being shipper's own insurer to the extent of the difference,
and shipper shall bear that proportion of any loss that the undeclared
amount bears to the actual value of the goods.

1.  **CHARGES**

Charges shall be assessed at the following rates per pound per article:

\(a\) Transportation: \[AMOUNT\]

\(b\) Pickup: \[AMOUNT\]

\(c\) Delivery: \[AMOUNT\]

\(d\) Storage: \[AMOUNT\]

\(e\) Other:\[DESCRIBE\] \[AMOUNT\]

All charges are payable at the time of delivery \[MANNER OF PAYMENT,
SUCH AS: IN CASH, MONEY ORDER, OR CERTIFIED CHECK\], unless other
arrangements are made in advance with carrier.

1.  **CARRIER'S LIEN**

Carrier shall have a general lien on any and all goods now or
subsequently delivered to or deposited with carrier by shipper for all
charges for transportation, storage, preservation of the goods, and the
performance of other services. Such lien shall also extend to such goods
for all lawful claims for money advanced, interest, insurance, labor,
and other charges in relation to such goods or any part thereof; for all
charges and expenses for notice and advertisement of sale and for sale
of the goods where there has been a default in satisfying shipper's
obligations under this agreement; and for all court costs and reasonable
attorney fees in collecting such charges or enforcing such lien or in
defending itself in the event that it is made party to any litigation
concerning the goods while they are in its possession. Carrier may bring
suit for delinquent charges without first foreclosing its lien.

1.  **OWNERSHIP OF GOODS**

Shipper represents and warrants that shipper is lawfully possessed of
the described goods and has the authority to ship and/or store such
goods in accordance with the terms of this agreement. Shipper shall
indemnify carrier in the event of any adverse claim or in the event
carrier is made a party to any litigation by reason of having the goods,
or any portion thereof, transported or stored, and shall pay attorney
fees and court costs, if any, incurred in connection with such
litigation.

1.  **GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION**

Carrier's transportation services are subject to governmental
regulations. The rates, rules, and regulations of \[REGULATORY BODY\]
govern the services to be performed pursuant to this agreement. The
tariff governing this agreement is \[DESIGNATE\]*.*

1.  **CHANGE OF ADDRESS**

Shipper shall promptly provide carrier with notice in writing if any of
the addresses provided in this agreement are changed.

In witness whereof, the parties have executed this agreement at
\[DESIGNATE PLACE OF EXECUTION\] the date and year first above written.

SHIPPER CARRIER

[ ]{.underline} [ ]{.underline} SIGNATURE SIGNATURE

NAME AND TITLE NAME AND TITLE
