Child Care Authorization

Date:

To: Whom it May Concern

The purpose of this letter is to advise you of the authority given to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Child Care Provider") over
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Minor Children").

This grant of temporary authority shall begin on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and end on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, unless
terminated earlier by any of the undersigned.

The above Child Care Provider shall have the absolute and final
authority to:

1\. Seek appropriate medical treatment or attention on behalf of the
Minor Children as may be required by the circumstances, including but
not limited to, medical doctor and/or hospital visits.

2\. Authorize medical treatment or medical procedures in an emergency
situation.

3\. Make appropriate and necessary decisions regarding clothing, bodily
nourishment, and shelter.

4\. Explain absences from school; pick Minor Children from school.

5\. Sign release forms for sports and field trips.

Thank you for your understanding, cooperation and prompt adherence to
this authorization.

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Parent 1 Parent 2 Child Care Provider

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Names of Children;

Social Security Numbers, if available

# Child Care Authorization

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Child Care Authorization is
an underused document that can be very useful to get prompt medical or
other attention to your children in an emergency. We strongly recommend
that you keep health cards and related information with this
Authorization so the Child Care Provider is totally prepared in case of
an emergency, which is not time to be hunting up medical permissions or
documents.

You should keep this document on the front hall table for easy access by
the Provider. You can always suggest they keep a second copy in their
car or yours, if they use it.

You should always execute this document if leaving home on an overnight,
but especially if you are leaving home for any extended period of time
and have another person caring for your children.

1\. Sign multiple copies. Give one or more to the Provider and keep them
as suggested above.

2\. This well care document can be very useful. As a practical matter,
print out several after filling in the blanks and have them readily
available so you use them when gone on trips.
