Release and Indemnity

TO: Name of Party Sponsoring Event (the \"Sponsor\")

IN CONSIDERATION OF being permitted to participate in the
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Event"), the undersigned, on behalf of
myself, my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, hereby:

1\. Acknowledges that the undersigned\'s participation in the Event may
include activities that may be hazardous to the undersigned and assumes
the risk of injury or harm associated with such participation.

2\. Releases and forever discharges the Sponsor and its employees,
officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, agents, representatives,
successors and assigns (collectively the \"Releasees\") of and from all
liability, claims, demands, damages, costs, expenses, actions and causes
of action (collectively the \"Claims\") in respect of death, injury,
loss or damage to myself or property howsoever caused, arising or to
arise by reason of or during my participation in the Event, whether
prior to, during or subsequent to my attendance and notwithstanding that
any Claim may have been contributed to or occasioned by the negligence
of any of the Releasees.

3\. Indemnifies and holds harmless the Releasees from and against any
and all liability incurred by any or all of them arising as a result of
or in any way connected to my participation in the Event.

4\. Understands and acknowledges that the Sponsor does not carry or
maintain health, medical or disability insurance coverage for the
undersigned and therefore agrees to assume responsibility for such
insurance coverage on the undersigned.

5\. Agrees that in the event that any provision of this Release and
Indemnity is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of
competent jurisdiction, the invalidity or unenforceability of such
provision will not affect the remaining provisions of this Release and
Indemnity, which shall continue to be enforceable.

I HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE READING, UNDERSTANDING AND AGREEING WITH THE
FOREGOING.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness Signature Signature of Participant

Date: Print Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Release and Indemnity

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. It is a sound practice to
use this release widely in local nonprofit activities. It can also be
adapted for personal use should you take children on trips, outdoor
activities, and the like. The difficult part is to ask people to sign,
often the very ones most apt to sue! Often, you can change this form
into a blanket one and use it with your children's friends' parents, to
name but one example. This is less aggressive but almost as effective
(blanket releases are more attackable on the "I didn't know they were
going to do xy or z.").

1\. Make multiple copies. Give one to the signatory. Keep one with the
transaction file.
