[Contact Name]{.underline}

[Address]{.underline}

[Address2 ]{.underline}

[City, State/Province]{.underline}

[Zip/Postal Code]{.underline}

**[OBJECT: ]{.underline}[CONVERSION OF ACCOUNT TO C.O.D.]{.underline}**[
]{.underline}

[Dear \[CONTACT NAME\],]{.underline}

\
[This is to acknowledge our telephone conversation regarding the past
due balance on your account.]{.underline}\
\
[Perhaps your remittance to clear this amount has been mailed, and if
so, please accept our thanks. However, if it has not yet been sent, we
hope a check can be put in the mail in another day or two to bring your
account up to date. All merchandise orders are currently being referred
to us. Your check to clear this past due balance must be received before
future shipments can be made.]{.underline}\
\
[We are sorry to see that your account once again carries a past due
balance. When I met with you recently, I stated that we were willing to
continue our extension of credit at the present level with the
understanding that your account be maintained on a current
basis.]{.underline}\
\
[Unfortunately, this is not the case at this time, so it will be
necessary for us to review the current credit arrangements on your
account. However, we will not be in a position to extend any credit
until the past due charges on your account have been cleared. Once these
charges have been cleared from your account, we will review the credit
arrangements that we currently have on your account. If these past due
charges are not cleared within the next few days, we may have no other
alternative but to withdraw our extension of credit on your account
entirely.]{.underline}\
\
[Your cooperation and prompt attention to this matter will be greatly
appreciated. If you have any questions regarding your account, please do
not hesitate to call me.]{.underline}

[Your name]{.underline}

[Your title]{.underline}

[(800) 123-4567]{.underline}

[youremail\@yourcompany.com ]{.underline}
