Account (s) Identification and Collection, by Executor

Subject: Estate of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
("Decedent") with AKA's also of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Official Date of Death: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Social Security Number:

Dear Account Representative:

I am the executor for the above estate. It is my understanding that the
Decedent owned one or more accounts with your institution. Attached is a
certified copy of the Letters of Appointment for your records. The
account numbers that I am aware of are:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Please check your records and include information about any other
accounts that I may not have indicated, and please use your best
efforts. If you believe another member of your organization is more
qualified to undertake this task, please pass this correspondence on to
him or her and advise me of it by email, fax, or phone.

Please also send us a list of all account representatives or other
parties the Decedent may have dealt with at your institution, from time
to time, so we can complete our investigation. We would also appreciate
any suggestions you, or any members of your firm may have, about out
financial institutions or brokers or similar parties the Decedent might
have dealt with that you or they be aware of. Any contact information
regarding those people would also be much appreciated.

Please also confirm the balance in each of the Decedent\'s accounts as
of the date of death, plus any interest that had accrued but had not yet
been credited to the account. Please separately state the actual date of
death balances and the accrued but unpaid interest. Finally, please also
confirm the account number of each account and whether there were other
joint owners of the accounts.

As you know, your firm has fiduciary duties in this matter, as do I.
Please follow the requirements of your fiduciary duties as I am trying
to follow mine. Time is of the essence in this matter due to our
requirements to comply with various state and federal rules and
regulations. Please act accordingly.

A stamped, self-addressed envelope is enclosed for your convenience.
Please contact me if you have questions whatsoever or need any
additional information to proceed expeditiously to accomplish this task
for the Estate of your former client. Thank you for your prompt
attention to this matter.

With best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Executor

# Account (s) Identification and Collection, by Executor

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1.  Make copies of this letter and send it to all known and suspected
    financial institutions, including banks, brokerages, private
    companies, and related institutions that are known to have the
    Decedent's accounts or might have them. If you are dealing with
    multi-branched or multi-state organizations, consider sending
    duplicate requests to any known offices Decedent may have dealt with
    (e.g., Merrill Lynch might have an account in Boston; but you know
    he also lived in Sarasota, Florida for part of the year; you should
    probably send a letter to the Sarasota office too, just to be
    prudent and exercise your proper duties as a fiduciary). This
    seemingly straightforward task can be very productive for estates in
    uncovering unsuspected assets such as old retirement accounts,
    stocks in private companies not otherwise known, and the like.

2.  In addition, as the above letter suggests, you should make a list of
    financial people the Decedent dealt with. Since these kinds of
    people move around a fair amount in their career, finding out who
    they are, and hopefully conversing with them, may lead you to some
    hidden asset treasure at the companies these people left or are
    currently employed by. Open-ended discussions with them often bring
    unexpectedly positive results. In addition, speaking with some old
    pals of the Decedent can also give you a sense of how he or she
    dealt with his or her financial affairs (e.g., orderly, disorderly,
    tight, loose, speculative, and so on and so on). These conversations
    may also lead you into areas, hobbies, or other avenues where
    Decedent may have parked some money or investments that, over time,
    may have brought results unexpected by Decedent, but now productive
    for the Estate. Be sure to maintain a written log of all phone
    conversations as well as keeping track of written correspondence. A
    well-written log can be consulted as you go along to inspire more
    thoughts about old contacts as you receive new information.

3.  Make multiple copies of this letter. Contact family members,
    especially heirs, for any suggestions on what avenues to pursue.
    Brothers and sisters are of particular help because they may know
    more about what the Decedent did with his or her assets in their
    early days and, if the Decedent's spouse is also deceased, may know
    more about the assets he or she may have had or would have been
    likely to influence Decedent to have and to hold (e.g., stock in his
    or her brother's company).

4.  Be sure to include the self-addressed stamped envelope with your
    letter as well as following up by phone. Once again, follow-ups here
    can be very productive for an estate. Include a copy of the
    \"Letters of Appointment\" or \"Letters of Administration,\" if
    applicable, with each set of correspondence you send out. The more
    official your documents look, the more productive you will be in
    your efforts.

5.  As a practical matter, the larger the estimated Estate, the more
    worthwhile the above activities that are of an investigative as
    opposed to administrative nature. Also, the more the Decedent was
    inclined to be speculative or entrepreneurial, the more apt they
    would have been to have assets in unexpected places.
