Checklist, for use by Executor

Estate of:

Date of Death:

Social Security Number:

The following Checklist should be used by the Executor to collect and
investigate the assets and potential assets of the Decedent.

The Executor is encouraged to send out copies to heirs and interested
parties to help fill in the blanks, so to speak, to effect an orderly
collection and disbursement of assets, as permitted by law and statute.

1\. [Personal Data]{.underline}: The following personal information
should be listed for the Decedent.

Name:

Address:

Former Addresses:

SSN:

Date of birth:

Place of Birth:

Date of death:

Place of Death:

Passport Number, if any:

Driver License Number, if any:

2\. [Circumstances Surrounding Death]{.underline}: The Decedent died of
natural causes, with no unusual circumstances about the death. If any
unusual or questionable circumstances occurred, attach a separate
Exhibit and any relevant documents.

3\. [Safe Deposit Box or Boxes]{.underline}: The Decedent owned or had
access to the following safe deposit box (es):

Box Number:

Joint Owner:

Location:

Other Locations:

Box Number:

Joint Owner:

Location:

4\. [Legal and Financial Advisors]{.underline}: The Decedent\'s
financial advisors and financial advisors included the following:

List all pertinent details. Be sure to include former business partners
and old friends who would have a broader sense of Decedent's dealings.

5\. [Estate Documents]{.underline}: The Decedent\'s estate planning
included the following documents: Be sure to inquire specifically about
these with any people uncovered in Section 4 above.

6\. [Responsible Parties]{.underline}: The following persons or entities
are the most knowledgeable about the Decedent\'s financial and personal
matters, and/or are the most likely to be involved in handling the
Decedent\'s estate: List them. Also, try to solicit any personal
financial statements prepared by Decedent in recent years to uncover how
he valued his own assets and what assets he listed. If PC literate, he
may have kept such a file in a personal or other file on his PC. Look
for it.

7\. [Marital Status]{.underline}: If The Decedent was married at the
time of death, the following information is provided regarding the
surviving spouse:

Name:

Address:

Phone:

SSN:

Birth Date:

Place of Birth

8\. [Prenuptial Agreement]{.underline}: Determine whether the Decedent
and the surviving spouse had entered into a premarital agreement as
follows:

Name of Agreement:

Date of Agreement:

If current spouse says no, be sure to check with the parties listed in
Section 4 to see if they verify these facts. Also, check Decedent's PC
and financial files/personal financial statements to see if any hints to
the contrary exist.

9\. [Prior Marriages]{.underline}: Determine if there were any and if so
the cause and the particulars insofar as they may impact the estate and
the heirs.

10\. [Children]{.underline}: The Decedent had children as follows:

[Natural Children]{.underline}:

Name:

Address:

Phone:

Birth Date:

SSN:

[Step and/or adopted Children]{.underline}:

Name:

Address:

Phone:

Birth Date:

SSN:

Make a longer list if more children are involved.

11\. [Children of Surviving Spouse]{.underline}: Identify which children
are those of surviving spouse and which are the result of earlier
marriages and/or relationships. Make that notation above, in Section 10.

12\. [Other possible Beneficiaries]{.underline}: The Decedent had the
following individuals who could be considered heirs and beneficiaries
who are not either a spouse or child of the Decedent:

# [Individuals]{.underline}

Name:

Address:

Relationship:

Birth Date:

SSN:

# [Charities or other Organizations]{.underline}

Name:

Address:

Relationship:

Birth Date:

Tax ID No.:

Make a longer list, as required.

13\. [Life Insurance]{.underline}: The Decedent owned life insurance as
follows:

Company:

Policy No.:

Amount:

Beneficiary:

Insured:

Contact:

Company:

Policy No.:

Amount:

Beneficiary:

Insured:

Contact:

14\. [Retirement Plans]{.underline}: The Decedent owned retirement plan
account(s) as follows:

Description:

Account No.:

Amount:

Contact:

Description:

Account No.:

Amount:

Contact:

Be very diligent in tracking these down. They can emerge from many
sources, especially since many retirement accounts are set up on the fly
around tax time---and often overlooked later by the party that did so,
especially if Decedent set it up outside a larger financial relationship
which would be more likely to capture the data and report it on a
regular basis.

15\. Employment and Previous Employment: The Decedent\'s employment
information is as follows:

Employer:

Status:

Contact:

# [Previous Employers]{.underline}

Employer:

Status:

Contact:

As with retirement accounts, previous employers are ripe areas to
undercover assets that are still related to that endeavor but not
reported elsewhere. Also, former associates may well be able to point
you in the right direction.

16\. [Real Estate]{.underline}: The Decedent owned real estate as
follows:

Description:

Value:

Joint Owner:

Description:

Value:

Joint Owner:

The challenge here is to uncover minority investments in private
arrangements that do not appear on the surface. Check out recent IRS
returns for any hints that these kinds of properties might exist but are
not reported otherwise in Decedent's records.

17\. [Other Property]{.underline}: This is a potential gold mine if the
Decedent collected fine arts, first editions, antiques, or valuable
hobby related items. Many a mystery story has been written about the
\$10 painting really worth a million that people tried to make away
with.

18\. [Debts]{.underline}: The Decedent had debts as follows:

Description:

Amount:

Contact:

Description:

Amount:

Contact:

You will hear from these people soon enough, as a rule.

19\. [Expenses and bills]{.underline}: The Decedent had unpaid expenses
and bills as follows:

Expense:

Amount:

Contact:

Expense:

Amount:

Contact:

20\. [Tax Returns]{.underline}: The Decedent did file income tax returns
for the most recent calendar

year as follows:

Tax Return:

Year:

# [Previous Two Years]{.underline}

Tax Return:

Year:

Be sure you have copies on hand or get them.

21\. [Other Information]{.underline}: The following information may also
be helpful in handling the Decedent\'s estate.

22\. Your thoughts on the matter and the estate: Keep a running
commentary about whether you think you have discovered all the assets,
what the possibilities are, and what problems, if any, you foresee in
doing your duties. A short journal is the best approach here.
