Employment Benefits Request, by Executor

RE: Estate of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Official Date of Death:

Social Security Number:

Dear Sir or Madam:

I am the Executor in the estate of the Decedent named above, and have
included the proper information to indicate my role.

It is my understanding that the Decedent was an employee with your
organization.

Please provide me with the following information where applicable. In
addition, please furnish a list of required documentation that I will
need in order to claim the benefits.

A. Group Life Insurance:

B.  Compensation:

C. Pension, Profit-sharing, and 401 (k) payments or other Retirement
plans or options:

1\. Whether the plan is contributory or non-contributory.

2\. If contributory, the amount of total employer/employee contributions
and earnings.

3\. Whether payable in lump sum or installments.

4\. Whether any of the benefit payments represent life insurance
proceeds and if so, the amount of life insurance proceeds and its cash
surrender value at date of death.

5\. Whether the plan is exempt under Section 401 (a) of the Internal
Revenue Code.

6\. Name, address, and phone number of the plan administrator, if any.

7.  Any other information you believe may be helpful or productive in
    conserving the estate of your former employee.

It would also be helpful if you would send me information about any
close personal contact Decedent may have had at work who may reveal
unrelated information to assist me in my role as Executor. It would also
be helpful if you could send me pertinent information from Decedent's
personnel file regarding past places of employment and other details
that might shed light on my mission as Executor. All help you can
provide will be much appreciated by the Decedent's family and heirs.
Thank you in advance for you help in this troubled time for the
Decedent's family.

Please contact me if you have any suggestions, questions, or need
additional information of any kind!

With best regards, Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Executor

Employment Benefits Request, by Executor

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This letter to the former
employer of Decedent is a sales letter intended to get maximum
cooperation. If any assets are misplaced, or inadvertently hidden,
employee records and close personal contacts at work may well help you
uncover them. This is especially true if the Decedent was still employed
by the firm upon his or her death. In that case, time is of the essence
to get this letter out promptly when the Decedent's death is still
freshly in mind at his or her former company.

You should follow similar advice as was given in the Account Letter, for
the Executor. One difference here is you want to uncover past places of
employment to send them letters to see if Decedent has any financial
rights due to employment or because of contributions at those firms.
Remember that small sums of money invested in almost anything a long
time ago become big sums many years later. Former employers may be the
direct or indirect custodians of funds or accounts such as those.

Be sure to follow up with the official name as appears on Decedent's
Social Security forms because this will undoubtedly be the name under
which these kinds of assets reside. Be sure to include the Decedent's
AKA's (also known as) names, which includes nick names or the exclusion
of a first or middle name or initial. I, for example, go by "Deaver
Brown" but my legal name is "David Deaver Brown." That difference only
causes confusion among distant contacts or financial institutions---or
the occasional telemarketer who calls for "Dave." So, be sure to give
the recipient of this and other account letter all the choices to track
down.

A special point about AKA's applies to women, especially those married
at least twice. They may have rights under their former husband's names,
may have accounts listed with all kinds of combinations of their first
names and last name, and various other points of confusion. So, be sure
to follow through on this because the widow of recent years with a
seemingly stable use of her name may have gone by many others in her
earlier days, and money may be parked in those names.

1.  Sign the letter. Keep a copy for follow-up. Keep a phone log of all
    conversations so you can refresh your memory when new facts emerge,
    if they emerge.

2\. Again, remember, common sense says that the larger the potential
estate, the more prone it will be to have productive assets that need to
be found. This is especially true if the individual, or their spouse,
was speculative or entrepreneurial by nature.
