Life Insurance Policy, Collection by Executor

Re: Estate of: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date of Death: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Social Security Number: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

To Whom It May Concern:

I am the Executor of the Decedent named above. I believe that the
Decedent owned a life insurance policy or policies with your company but
I do not know the policy number (s). Please check your records and send
me any information you may have regarding any such policies. Please
furnish me with your claim forms, a list of requirements for payment of
the policy proceeds, the IRS Form 712 for use in the preparation of
estate tax returns, and any other information you believe would be
helpful to me as experts in the field.

It appears that the Decedent may have also owned a partial or whole
interest in a policy on another person whose identity is unknown to me.
Please send me the necessary information and forms to cash in the
Decedent\'s interest in this policy. Forward the IRS Form 712, completed
as of the Decedent\'s date of death, for use in the preparation of
estate tax returns and a Change of Beneficiary Designation form.

Thank your for your prompt attention to this matter. Please advise me of
anything else you think would be useful to your former client's Estate.

Please contact me if you have any other questions or need additional
information.

Thank you in advance for your prompt assistance.

With best regards,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Executor

Life Insurance Policy, Collection by Executor

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Seeking out insurance
policies is a basic function of an Executor. If you know the policy
number, furnish it in the letter. You should still leave the question
open about other possible policies. Clients usually go back to the same
insurance company when they need insurance for different purposes.
Sometimes, they lose track of the policies, especially if they were done
to guarantee other business activities.

1\. A copy of the letter and any documents enclosed with the letter
should be retained by you for your records. In addition, you should keep
a copy of all correspondence from the insurance company and maintain a
record of all phone conversations for re-examination after you receive
more information from other parties.

2\. Be prepared for the life insurance company to request certified
copies of certain documents, such as the Death Certificate and Letters
of Administration, to be sent along with a follow-up letter. When a
certified copy is required, the writer must send the original and not a
photocopy of the document. Photocopies (rather than originals) of any
other relevant documents may be included with the letter. When a
certified original is required, we recommend you use a well known over
night delivery service such as FedEx to provide clear tracking
information on both ends.
