[Contact Name]{.underline}

[Address]{.underline}

[Address2 ]{.underline}

[City, State/Province]{.underline}

[Zip/Postal Code]{.underline}

**[OBJECT: ]{.underline}[TERMINATION NOTICE ]{.underline}**

[Dear \[EMPLOYEE NAME\],]{.underline}

[It is with regret we inform you that your employment with this company
has been terminated effective \[DATE\]. Enclosed is your final paycheck
with accrued vacation and other benefits. Let us know if you believe it
to be inaccurate. We will contact you regarding continuation of your
insurance coverage and any other benefits.]{.underline}

[You are being terminated due to your conduct over \[TIME PERIOD\],
which most recently includes \[LIST EMPLOYEE CONDUCT\]. It is your
option to express your belief about the merits of your termination
during your exit interview, scheduled for \[DATE & TIME\].]{.underline}

[As an offer of assistance, you have the option of obtaining a \[TWO (2)
WEEK\] severance package in exchange for the signing of a General
Release. This offer is conditioned upon your return of all company
property. The company reserves the right to oppose any claim for
benefits.]{.underline}

[It is the policy of this company to protect its trade secrets, customer
lists and other confidential or proprietary information as vigorously as
possible. We remind you that we consider our clients, our business
procedures and our business plans to be proprietary. \[PLEASE REMEMBER
THAT YOU HAVE SIGNED A CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT.\]]{.underline}

[We request that you return any and all property that was generated or
obtained during your employment with this company, including any
documents, handbooks, account ledgers, financial documents, manuals,
computers, computer programs, software, keys, security cards,
etc.]{.underline}

[Finally, should a prospective employer call this company for a
reference, they will be provided with your dates of employment and final
job position. Should you desire a more extensive reference, we require
that you supply us with a completed and signed copy of the Reference
Release form that is also attached to this letter.]{.underline}

[Your name]{.underline}

[Your title]{.underline}

[(800) 123-4567]{.underline}

[youremail\@yourcompany.com ]{.underline}
