**[SEPARATION AND RELEASE ]{.underline}[AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

This Separation and Release Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \[DATE\],

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[EMPLOYEE]{.underline}[
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Employee\"), an individual
with his main address at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[\[]{.underline}[COMPANY]{.underline}[
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company\"), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[RECITALS]{.underline}**

[Employee is a former employee of the Company and the Parties wish to
resolve any claim by Employee against the Company and all other existing
differences completely and amicably, without litigation. Employee
acknowledges that the payment to him under this Agreement is being made
for the sole purpose of avoiding the uncertainties, vexations and
expense of litigation.]{.underline}

[The Parties represent that they have been advised about the Agreement
by their respective counsel, are competent to enter into it, fully
understand its terms and consequences, and enter into it knowingly and
voluntarily.]{.underline}

[NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and the mutual
promises and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree
as follows: ]{.underline}

1.  **[NO ADMISSION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement is entered in connection with the compromise of disputed
claims. Neither this Agreement nor any action or acts taken in
connection with this Agreement or pursuant to it will constitute an
admission by Company or any other person or entity of any violation of
law, nor will it constitute or be construed as an admission of any
wrongdoing whatsoever. In fact, Company, its officers, employees, agents
and representatives specifically deny committing any unlawful act
against Employee at any time.]{.underline}

1.  **[PAYMENT]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Within three (3) days after execution of this Agreement, and in
consideration for the promises and covenants contained herein, Company
will cause to be delivered to counsel for Employee a check in the amount
of \[AMOUNT\]. Except for this payment, Employee acknowledges and agrees
that he is entitled to receive no other payments, benefits, or
compensation from Company. Employee represents that there are no
outstanding advances or other sums due to Company from
Employee.]{.underline}

1.  **[TAX]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Appropriate tax deductions shall be made by the Company from the
payment made under Section 2.]{.underline}

1.  **[RELEASE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Employee, on behalf of himself and his representatives, spouse, agents,
heirs and assigns, releases and discharges Company and Company\'s
former, current or future officers, employees, representatives, agents,
fiduciaries, attorneys, directors, shareholders, insurers, predecessors,
parents, affiliates, benefit plans, successors, heirs, and assigns from
any and all claims, liabilities, causes of action, damages, losses,
demands or obligations of every kind and nature, whether now known or
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which Employee ever had, now has, or
hereafter can, shall or may have for, upon or by reason of any act,
transaction, practice, conduct, matter, cause or thing of any kind
whatsoever, relating to or based upon, in whole or in part, any act,
transaction, practice or conduct prior to the date hereof, including but
not limited to matters dealing with Employee's employment or termination
of employment with the Company, or which relate in any way to injuries
or damages suffered by Employee (knowingly or unknowingly). This release
and discharge includes, but is not limited to, \[SPECIFY LAW\], claims
arising under federal, state and local statutory or common law,
including, but not limited to, \[SPECIFY LAW\], claims for wrongful
discharge under any public policy or any policy of the Company, claims
for breach of fiduciary duty, and the laws of contract and tort; and any
claim for attorney's fees. Employee promises never to file a lawsuit or
assist in or commence any action asserting any claims, losses,
liabilities, demands, or obligations released hereunder. ]{.underline}

1.  **[KNOWN OR UNKNOWN CLAIMS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[The Parties understand and expressly agree that this Agreement extends
to all claims of every nature and kind, known or unknown, suspected or
unsuspected, past, present, or future, arising from or attributable to
any conduct of the Company and its successors, subsidiaries, and
affiliates, and all their employees, owners, shareholders, agents,
officers, directors, predecessors, assigns, agents, representatives, and
attorneys, whether known by Employee or whether or not Employee believes
he may have any claims, and that any and all rights granted to Employee
under \[LAW\] or any analogous state law or federal law or regulations,
are hereby expressly WAIVED, if applicable. Said Section \[NAME\] of
\[LAW\] reads as follows:]{.underline}

[\[RETYPE PARAGRAPH\]]{.underline}

1.  **[NON]{.underline}[‑]{.underline}[DISCLOSURE]{.underline}**

[Employee and his counsel represent that they have not disclosed the
terms of this Agreement to anyone other than Employee\'s spouse.
Employee, his counsel and Employee\'s spouse agree to keep the terms of
the Agreement, including the fact that a payment was made to Employee
and the amount of such payment, strictly confidential and, unless
required by court order or other law, will not disclose such information
without the prior written permission of the Company to anyone except
Employee\'s attorneys or tax advisors, if any, but only after informing
those persons that they too must keep the information confidential. If
asked about the status of the dispute between the Parties, Employee, his
counsel and Employee\'s spouse may state only that \"the matter has been
resolved\" or words to that effect, but will not otherwise disclose any
information about this Agreement or its terms. Because a breach of this
confidentiality paragraph would cause Company damages that are
impracticable or too difficult to fix, in the event of such a breach,
Employee shall be liable to Company for liquidated damages in the amount
of \[AMOUNT\] for each breach, plus any attorneys\' fees and costs owed
pursuant to Section 18 herein and any equitable relief.]{.underline}

1.  **[EMPLOYER PROPERTY AND TRADE SECRETS]{.underline}**

[Employee will return to Company any and all of its property and
documents which he or she may have in his or her possession . including,
but not limited to, documents, equipment, tools, computers, customer
lists, correspondence, handbooks, manual reports, plans, projects,
drawings, marketing materials, software, tapes, phones, cars, keys,
security devices, inventions, formulas, and proprietary information
within \[DAYS\] from the execution of this Agreement. ]{.underline}

1.  **[NO FUTURE EMPLOYMENT]{.underline}**

[Employee promises not to seek employment or any other business
relationship at any time in the future with Company or any of its
parents or affiliates and he forsakes any right to be employed or to
have any other business relationship in the future with Company or any
of its parents or affiliates.]{.underline}

1.  **[NON SOLICITATION OF CLIENTS AND CUSTOMERS]{.underline}**[
    ]{.underline}

[The Employee, on behalf of himself or herself, their agents and
assigns, agrees that, for a period of \[NUMBER\] year following the
execution of this Agreement, or so long as Company is in operation,
whichever is less, he or she will not, for any reason whatsoever,
directly or indirectly solicit the clients or customers of Company,
without the written permission of Company. The Parties agree that any
breach of this provision is a material breach of this Agreement.
]{.underline}

1.  **[NON SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[The Employee, on behalf of himself or herself, his or her agents and
assigns, agrees that for a period of \[NUMBER\] year following the
execution of this Agreement, or so long as Company is in operation and
in good standing, whichever is less, he or she will not, directly or
indirectly, recruit any of the employees of Company then employed by
Company for the purpose of employment in any outside business. The
Parties acknowledge that any breach of this provision is a material
breach of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO DISPARAGEMENT]{.underline}**

[Employee agrees not to disparage Company or any of its officers,
employees, agents or representatives and will not knowingly say or do
anything that would have an adverse impact on Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[REFERENCES]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[In response to any request to Company from any prospective employer for
an employment reference regarding Employee, the Company shall provide
only Employee\'s dates of employment and final job title.]{.underline}

1.  **[NO ADMISSION OF WRONGDOING ]{.underline}**

[This agreement shall not in any way be construed as an admission by the
released Parties of any acts of wrongdoing whatsoever against Employee
or any other person.]{.underline}

1.  **[FURTHER DOCUMENTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Each party agrees to execute or cause their counsel to execute any
additional documents and take any further action which may reasonably be
required in order to consummate this Agreement or otherwise fulfill the
obligations of the Parties there under.]{.underline}

1.  **[DISPUTE]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Should a dispute arise concerning this Agreement or its performance,
such dispute shall be resolved, at the election of the party seeking to
enforce the Agreement, either by court action, or by binding arbitration
administered by the \[ASSOCIATION/ORGANIZATION\] under its commercial
dispute resolution rules. If arbitration is initiated, the arbitration
shall be held in \[CITY\], \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. ]{.underline}

1.  **[MODIFICATION AND WAIVER]{.underline}**

[Any modifications to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by
duly authorized representatives of each of the Parties and must be
expressly state that it is the intention of each of the Parties hereto
to amend the Agreement. No breach of any provision of this Agreement
shall be deemed waived unless the waiver is in writing signed by a duly
authorized representative of the waiving party. Waiver of any one breach
shall not be deemed a waiver of any other breach of the same or any
other provision of this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONSTRUCTION]{.underline}**

[This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\]. The language of this Agreement shall be
construed as to its fair meaning and not for or against either
party.]{.underline}

1.  **[ATTORNEYS]{.underline}[']{.underline}[ FEES]{.underline}**

[Should any action be brought by any party to this Agreement to enforce
any provision thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover, in addition to any other relief, reasonable attorneys' fees and
costs and expenses of litigation or arbitration.]{.underline}

1.  **[INTEGRATION]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes an integration of the entire understanding
and agreement of the Parties with respect to the matters referred to in
this Agreement. Any representation, warranty, promise or condition,
whether written or oral, between the Parties with respect to the matters
referred to in this Agreement which is not specifically incorporated in
this Agreement shall not be binding upon any of the Parties hereto and
the Parties acknowledge that they have not relied, in entering into this
Agreement, upon any representations, warranties, promises or conditions
not specifically set forth in this Agreement. No prior or
contemporaneous oral or written understanding, covenant, or agreement
between the Parties, with respect to the matters referred to in this
Agreement, shall survive the execution of this Agreement. Each party
hereto assumes the risk of misrepresentation, concealment or mistake,
and if any party should subsequently discover that any fact relied upon
in entering into this Agreement was untrue, or that any fact was
concealed from it, or that its understanding of the facts or law was
incorrect, it shall not be entitled to set aside this Agreement by
reason thereof. This Agreement may be modified only by a written
agreement executed by both Parties hereto.]{.underline}

1.  **[BINDING AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[The Parties understand and expressly agree that this Agreement shall
bind and benefit (as applicable) the heirs, employees, owners, officers,
shareholders, directors, subsidiaries, spouses, affiliates, successors,
predecessors, agents, witnesses, attorneys, representatives, and assigns
of the Company and Employee.]{.underline}

1.  **[COUNTERPARTS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and when each party has
signed and delivered at least one such counterpart, each counterpart
shall be deemed an original and all counterparts taken together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement, which shall be binding and
effective as to all Parties.]{.underline}

1.  **[HEADINGS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

[Headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and
are not a part of the substance hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[TIME FOR ACCEPTANCE AND REVOCATION]{.underline}**

[If required by applicable law, Employee shall have up to \[NUMBER\]
days from the date this Agreement is presented to Employee to accept the
terms of this Agreement, although Employee may accept it at any time
within those \[NUMBER\] days. If required by applicable law, after
acceptance, Employee will still have an additional \[NUMBER\] days in
which to revoke his acceptance. To so revoke, Employee must send the
Company a written statement or revocation to be received by the Company
by the end of the seventh day.]{.underline}

1.  **[STATEMENTS TO UNEMPLOYMENT BOARD AND TO OTHERS ]{.underline}**

[Company agrees that it will not contest Employee's application for
unemployment insurance benefits. Notwithstanding this agreement,
however, Company reserves the right to truthfully furnish information
requested by the unemployment board or any other agency and to rebut
false or misleading information submitted by the Employee, whether
requested to do so or not.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}

[If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and
effect, except that, should paragraphs 4, 5 or 6 be held invalid, void
or unenforceable, either jointly or separately, as a result of any
action by Employee, Company shall be entitled to rescind the Agreement
and/or recover from Employee any benefits provided to her under
Section 2 above.]{.underline}

[The Parties each hereby execute this Agreement as of
\[DATE\].]{.underline}

[COMPANY EMPLOYEE]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

**[CERTIFICATION BY EMPLOYEE\'S COUNSEL]{.underline}**

[We, \[NAMES\], are counsel to \[EMPLOYEE\]. We have reviewed the
Agreement with our client. \[HE/SHE\] has indicated that \[HE/SHE\] is
competent to enter into it, that \[HE/SHE\] fully understands its terms
and consequences, and that \[HE/SHE\] enters into it knowingly and
voluntarily. We also agree to abide by the confidentiality provision in
Section 6 of the Agreement.]{.underline}

[NAME NAME]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
