**CHECKLIST**

**ALTERNATIVE TERM SHEET PROVISIONS**

Following are alternative provisions you can use to modify a term sheet
depending on whether your company is investing or is seeking capital.
Consider the explanations of each provision before integrating it in
your Term Sheet Agreement. And don't forget to ask your lawyer to review
it!

**DIVIDEND **

The directors need not pay a dividend unless they wish to pay dividends
on Common Stock in the same year. In a scenario more favorable to
investors, dividends may be participating (i.e., preferred stockholders
to receive additional dividends ratably with common stockholders once
all preferences have been satisfied) and/or cumulative (i.e., unpaid
dividends will be added to the liquidation amount and the redemption
price of the preferred stock and all accrued dividends for past as well
as the current year must be paid prior to payment of dividends on common
stock

**LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE**

Alternatively, terms may be structured so that preferred stockholders
may get back only their original investment or they may retain their
original investment [plus]{.underline} all accrued but unpaid dividends
for every years or they may share the remainder ratably on an
as-converted basis with common stockholders only after their preferences
and all common stock liquidation amounts have been paid. In subsequent
financings, new series of preferred stock may have a superior position
on liquidation or be on a [pari passu]{.underline} footing with this
series with respect to liquidation. Liquidation may be defined in the
term sheet to include acquisition of the Company or its merger into
another entity, with the classification of such event as a liquidation
or not at the investors\' option at time of the merger.

**REDEMPTION**

While going public or an acquisition usually connote a clear \"success',
the investor must also consider the case in which the Company only
achieves moderate success and management is content to keep things going
as a private Company. According to these terms, the company must redeem
at a specified amount which provides investors with some guaranteed
return on their investment. Alternatives include: (a) a provision
stating that the Company may not call the Preferred Stock for redemption
nor may the investors require the Company to redeem their stock and (b)
optional redemption after a certain date by either the Company or the
investors. If the Company may call the Preferred Stock at its option, it
could potentially call once the common price exceeds the redemption
price and force the investor to take a mediocre repayment on his
investment or convert to common and lose his preferred position in the
Company.

**REGISTRATION RIGHTS**

In order to have a public offering the [Company]{.underline} must file a
registration statement with the SEC. Because the investor can not be
assured of controlling the Board of Directors of the Company (after all
that is what the entrepreneur fears will happen), the investor usually
negotiates for \"demand registration rights\" under which the Company
contractually agrees to file a registration statement on the demand of
the investor. The number of \"demands\" is negotiated, with the Company
saying that one is enough and the investor arguing for two or more.

Conceptually the granting of demand registration rights is a big deal
for the Company because of the time and cost involved if those rights
are invoked -- it can easily cost \$200,000 or more to file a
registration statement. In reality, it is a rare case when registration
is demanded against the desires of management -- after all management
has to go on the \"road show\" and make a good presentation to the
mutual fund managers and brokers who will be buying the stock.

In addition, the investor usually receives \"piggyback\" registration
rights under which the investor's shares are included in any \"primary
registration\" statement (where the company is selling its own stock) or
in any \"secondary registration\" where the Company is filing a
registration statement to permit others to sell.

**PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS**

This right is typically granted to investors to ensure that the Company
does not negotiate new financings with new players without offering to
deal with the present investors. Sometimes investors are required to
take \"all or none\" of the new financing.

**AUTOMATIC CONVERSION**

Because the control and others terms of a venture capital preferred are
not consistent with public market securities, the Preferred Stock has to
"disappear" (i.e., be converted into Common Stock) at the Initial Public
Offering.

**ANTI-DILUTION**

Antidilution adjustments increase the amount of stock received by an
investor if the Company issues additional stock at prices which are
lower than that paid by the investor. Because there is no readily
ascertainable independent market price for the stock, investors believe
that they should be protected against having overpaid. Another rationale
is that the entrepreneur should pay if he does not increase the value of
the Company by the next round of financing. However, from the
entrepreneur\'s side a decrease in the value of the Company could result
from events beyond the entrepreneur\'s control- e.g. a stock market
crash or a change in the law. Having said this, antidilution adjustments
are almost always present in one form or another.

Note that the formulae used in these provisions decrease the conversion
price of the Preferred Stock resulting in more shares of common stock
per share of Preferred Stock upon conversion. The weighted average
antidilution formula considers the total number of shares being issued
as well as the per share price; contract this to the full rachet
antidilution formula which automatically reduces the conversion price to
the price at which a new issued is sold, even if only a small number of
shares are issued.

**MANAGEMENT OPTIONS**

Investors usually factor the option pool size into their valuation of
the Company and assume that the full amount of the option pool is taken
into account in determining the "pre-money" valuation of the Company.

**STOCK RESTRICTION AGREEMENT**

Investors will want to ensure that the present management of the Company
has an incentive to remain there; rewarding continued work at the
Company by appreciation in the value of stock and discouraging the
individual\'s leaving by the buy‑back provisions detailed above are
effective mechanisms to encourage long‑term commitment.
