**STATEMENT OF INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION**

[The undersigned ("Recipient"), being a recipient of shares of \[NAME OF
THE COMPANY\] ("Company"), a \[STATE WHERE COMPANY IS INCORPORATED\]
corporation, hereby represents and acknowledges that Recipient is
acquiring such shares for Recipient\'s own account (or a trust account
if Recipient is a trustee) and not with a view to or for sale in
connection with any distribution of those shares. ]{.underline}

[Recipient acknowledges that the shares have not been registered under
the \[ACT, LAW OR CODE\], as amended, or qualified under the securities
laws of any state. Recipient understands that the shares are restricted
securities under the \[ACT, LAW OR CODE\] and that under such Act and
applicable regulations such shares may be resold without registration
under the Act only in certain limited circumstances and that otherwise
such shares must be held indefinitely. ]{.underline}

[Recipient has (i) a preexisting personal or business relationship with
the Company or one or more of its officers, directors, or control
persons or (ii) by reason of Recipient\'s business or financial
experience, or by reason of the business or financial experience of
Recipient\'s financial advisor who is unaffiliated with and who is not
compensated, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any affiliate or
selling agent of the Company, Recipient is capable of evaluating the
risks and merits of this investment and of protecting Recipient\'s own
interests in connection with this transaction. ]{.underline}

[Recipient acknowledges that the shares are speculative and that there
are a number of risks facing the Company. Recipient is able to afford a
complete loss of the value of the shares.]{.underline}

[IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Demand Note to be
duly executed as of the date first written below.]{.underline}

[RECIPIENT COMPANY]{.underline}

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title
