**[TERM SHEET ]{.underline}[--]{.underline}[ SHORT FORM]{.underline}**

**Company:** \[COMPANY NAME\]

**Amount:** \[AMOUNT\]

**Type of Security:** \[PREFERRED STOCK\]

**Number of Shares:** \[NUMBER\]

**Price per Share:** \[PRICE\] (the "Original Purchase Price"). The
Original Purchase Price represents a fully-diluted pre-money valuation
of \[VALUE\].

**Investors:** \[INVESTOR\] and its affiliated funds (collectively
referred to as the "Investors")

**Anticipated Closing Date:** \[AGREED UPON DATE\]

**Pari Passu:** Except as set forth below, the \[SERIES\] \[PREFERRED
STOCK\] will be treated as pari passu with the \[SERIES X COMMON\] of
the Company (the "Prior Preferred" with the Preferred and Prior
Preferred collectively referred to as the "Series Preferred").

**Dividends:** The holders of the \[PREFERRED SERIES\] shall be entitled
to receive out of legally available funds dividends at a rate of \[%\]
of the Original Purchase Price per annum, payable when, as and if
declared by the Board of Directors. Dividends \[SHALL/SHALL NOT\] be
cumulative.

**Liquidation Preference:** In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series Preferred shall
be entitled to receive in preference to the Common Stock (the "Common")
an amount payable in cash equal to the Original Purchase Price for the
Preferred and the original purchase price for the Prior Preferred plus
declared and unpaid dividends (the "Liquidation Preference"). After the
payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of the Series
Preferred, the remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the
holders of the Common and the Series Preferred (assuming conversion of
all Preferred Stock).

A merger, reorganization or other acquisition type transaction in which
control of the Company or all or substantially all of its assets is
transferred will be treated by holders of the Series Preferred as a
liquidation.

**Redemption:** At the election of the holders of a majority of the
Preferred, the Company shall redeem the outstanding Preferred shares in
two equal installments beginning on the fifth anniversary of the Prior
Preferred closing date. Such redemptions shall be made pari passu with
the Prior Preferred (assuming the Prior Preferred holders have elected
to be redeemed), and the price for the Preferred shall be equal to the
Original Purchase Price plus declared and unpaid dividends.

**Conversion:** The holders of the Preferred have the right, at any
time, to convert into shares of Common. The number of shares of Common
into which each share of Preferred may be converted will be determined
by dividing the Original Purchase Price by the conversion price. The
initial conversion price will be equal to the Original Purchase Price.
The conversion price will be subject to adjustment as set forth in
"Antidilution Provisions".

**Automatic Conversion:** In the event of: (1) an underwritten public
offering of shares of the Company at a total offering of not less than
\[AMOUNT\] at a price per share not less than \[TIMES\] the Original
Purchase Price (a "Qualifying IPO"); or (2) the consent of the holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of Preferred, the
Preferred will be automatically converted into Common at the then
applicable conversion rate.

**Antidilution Provisions:** Proportional adjustment for stock splits,
stock dividends, recapitalizations, and the like. The conversion price
will be adjusted on a weighted average basis (based on all outstanding
shares of Series Preferred and Common Stock) for issuances of additional
equity securities at a purchase price below the then effective
conversion price (subject to standard exceptions).

**Voting Rights:** The holders of a share of the Preferred will have a
right to that number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred.

**Protective Provisions:** The Series Preferred votes on an as-converted
basis, but also has a class vote as provided by law. The consent of a
majority of the Series Preferred, voting as a single class, shall be
required for the following actions: (i) any amendment or change to the
rights, preferences, privileges or power of the Series Preferred; (ii)
any action that authorizes, creates or issues shares of any class of
stock hiving rights, preferences or privileges superior to or on parity
with the Series Preferred; (iii) any increase or decrease in the
authorized number of shares of the Series Preferred or Common; (iv) any
merger or consolidation of the Company with one or more other
corporations in which the stockholders of the Company immediately after
such merger or consolidation hold stock representing less than a
majority of the voting power of the outstanding stock of the surviving
corporation and any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company; (v) any amendment or waiver of any provisions of the
Company's Articles of Incorporation (the "Articles") or By-laws that
affects the rights of the Series Preferred; and (vi) the payment of any
dividend on the Common Stock.

The consent of a majority of the Preferred, voting as a separate series
shall be required for the following actions: (i) any amendment or waiver
of provisions of the Company's Articles or Bylaws that adversely affects
the rights, preferences and privileges of the Preferred; and (ii) any
action that authorizes, creates or issues shares of stock having rights,
preferences or privileges superior to or on a parity with the Preferred.

**Warrants:** The Investors shall also receive \[NUMBER\]Â year warrants
in the amount of \[AMOUNT\] Warrants for each share of Preferred
purchased in this round of financing. The Warrants shall be exercisable
for \[COMMON STOCK\] \[SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK\] at \[PRICE\] per
share. The Warrants shall contain a cashless exercise feature and
customary representations, warranties and other terms.

**Representations and Warranties:** Representations and warranties of
the Company acceptable to the Investors.

**Information and Registration** The Investors shall receive standard
information rights including

**Rights:** audited financial reports, quarterly and monthly financial
reports, and annual budget and business plan. The Investors shall
received standard inspection and visitation rights. Such rights shall
terminate upon the closing of a Qualifying IPO. The Investors will have
demand, piggyback and registration rights with expenses payable by the
Company. The registration rights may be transferred to a transferee who
acquires at least \[%\] of an Investor's shares. Transfer of
registration rights to a partner or affiliate of the Investors will be
without restrictions as to minimum share holdings.

**Preemptive Right:** The Investors shall have a pro rata right, based
on their percentage equity ownership, on a fully diluted basis, to
participate in subsequent equity ownership, on a fully diluted basis, to
participate in subsequent equity financings of the Company, subject to
customary exclusions. Such right will terminate upon the closing of a
Qualifying IPO.

**Expenses:** The Company will pay reasonable legal fees (up to a
maximum of \[AMOUNT\]) and expenses of counsel for the Investors,
payable at the closing or payable if the Company elects not to proceed
with this transaction.

**Board of Directors:** Holders of the Preferred, voting as a separate
series shall be entitled to elect one member of the Company's Board of
Directors. The number of Board members shall be \[NUMBER\].

**[Confidentiality ]{.underline}[&
]{.underline}[Inventions]{.underline}**[ All the employees shall have
executed the Company's standard ]{.underline}

**[Assignment Agreement:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[Confidentiality
and Inventions Assignment Agreement in form approved by the
Investors.]{.underline}

**[Right of First Refusal and]{.underline}**[ The Investors shall
receive standard information rights Founders]{.underline}

**[Co-Sale Agreement:]{.underline}**[ will enter into a right of first
refusal and co-sale agreement pursuant to which any Founder who proposes
to sell all or a portion of his shares to a third party (subject to
standard exceptions) must either permit the holders of the Series
Preferred at their option (i) to purchase such stock on the same terms
as the proposed transferee, or (ii) sell a proportionate part of their
shares on the same terms offered by the proposed transferee. Such right
will terminate upon the closing of a Qualifying IPO.]{.underline}

**[Qualified Small Business Stock:]{.underline}**[ The Company
represents and warrants that it qualifies as "Qualified Small Business"
as defined in \[SECTION\] of \[CODE OR LAW\], as amended (the "Code")
and covenants that so long as the shares are held by the Investors (or a
transferee in whose hands the Shares are eligible to qualify as
Qualified Small Business Stock as defined in \[SECTION\] of \[CODE OR
LAW\]), it will use its best efforts to cause the shares to qualify as
Qualified Small Business Stock.]{.underline}

**[IPO Allocation:]{.underline}**[ In the event of an initial public
offering of the capital stock of the Company (the "IPO"), the Company
shall require that the managing underwriters of the IPO establish a
directed share program (the "Program") in connection with the IPO. The
Program shall consist of at least \[NUMBER\] shares (the "Minimum
Shares"). The Investors shall have the option, but not the obligation,
to purchase all or any portion of the Minimum Shares at the IPO
price.\]]{.underline}

**[Closing Conditions:]{.underline}**[ The obligation of Investors to
purchase the shares is subject, among other things, to (i) completion of
and satisfaction of a due diligence investigation of the Company, (ii)
the execution of definitive stock purchase agreements and other
documentation between and among (and acceptable to) the Investors and
the Company, including various representations and warranties, (iii) the
obtaining of all requisite consents to the transaction and (iv) the
receipt of an opinion of counsel to the Company in form and substance
acceptable to the Investors.]{.underline}

**[Exclusivity:]{.underline}**[ Neither the Company nor any of the
Company's directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives will
solicit, encourage or entertain proposals from or enter into
negotiations with or furnish any nonpublic information to any other
person or entity regarding the possible sale of the Company's stock. The
Company shall notify the Investors promptly of any proposals by third
parties with respect to the acquisition of the Company's stock and
furnish the Investors the material terms thereof. The Company shall deal
exclusively with the Investors with respect to any such possible
transaction and the Investors shall have the right to match such
proposed transactions in lieu of such third parties. This right shall
last for a period of \[NUMBER\] days from the date hereof.]{.underline}

**[Confidentiality:]{.underline}**[ The existence and terms of this Term
Sheet, and the fact that negotiations may be ongoing with the Investors,
are strictly confidential and may not be disclosed to anyone except the
Company's directors, senior executive officers, and legal
counsel.]{.underline}

**[Pre-Closing Capitalization:]{.underline}**[ Capitalization of the
Company prior to the issuance of the Preferred is assumed to be as
outlined below (on a fully diluted basis). Items affecting the
capitalization include the adequacy of the post-financing employee stock
option pool. Items affecting the capitalization may cause an adjustment
to the Original Purchase Price.]{.underline}

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **[Type of                       | **[Common Stock]{.underline}**   |
| Security]{.underline}**          |                                  |
|                                  | **[Equivalent                    |
|                                  | Shares]{.underline}**            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Series A Preferred]{.underline} | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Common Stock]{.underline}       | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Outstanding Options for Common  | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| Stock]{.underline}               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Common Stock Reserved for       | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| Future Options]{.underline}      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [                                | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| ]{.u                             |                                  |
| nderline}**[Total]{.underline}** |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

**[CAPITALIZATION TABLE]{.underline}**

[This Term Sheet merely constitutes a statement of the present material
intentions of the parties, but that except as set forth under the
heading "Confidentiality," "Expenses" and "Exclusivity" above as to
which the parties intend to be legally bound, no legally binding
agreement or obligation of any party are covered by this Term Sheet. A
binding commitment with respect to the transactions (other than as set
forth under "Confidentiality," "Expenses" and "Exclusivity") will result
only upon the execution of definitive agreements, if any. No oral
modifications to this principle shall be valid.]{.underline}

[COMPANY INVESTOR]{.underline}

[\[REPRESENTED BY NAME & TITLE\] \[REPRESENTED BY NAME &
TITLE\]]{.underline}

[Date: ]{.underline}
