**IMPORTANT THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT TERMS SHEETS**

**Pre-money Valuation: **Equals the value the new investors are placing
on the enterprise prior to their Investment. Usually, all of the
outstanding stock of the company, together with any outstanding options
and warrants or other rights to buy stock of the company and any
additional shares which may be reserved under the option pool, will be
included in this pre-money valuation.

**Stock Option Pool: **The size of the option pool that venture capital
investors will look for tends to range between 15% and 30% of the
capital structure of the company. This percentage is calculated
including the shares of Series A Preferred Stock being sold in the
financing. The actual size of the pool can depend on a number of things,
including the industry that the company is in, but is primarily related
to the number and types of hires that the company will need to make in
the foreseeable future. Thus, a company that has a complete management
team at the time of the Series A round will likely need a smaller pool
than a company that has one or more top management hires to make (each
of whom may cost the company a significant amount of options or stock
from the pool).

**Dividend:** Often, venture capital investors also ask for an
"accruing" dividend of between 8% and 10% or so per annum. This dividend
"accrues" and is not payable unless (i) declared by the Board, (ii)
there is a liquidation event (a sale of the company is considered a
liquidation event, but an IPO usually isn\'t), or (iii) the preferred
stock is redeemed. The accruing dividend is a protective device intended
to provide a minimum rate of return but is usually forfeited in the
event of an IPO or otherwise upon conversion of the preferred stock to
common stock. (The theory is that in such cases the return on the
investment will be more than the minimum which the accruing dividend
provides. Therefore, the protection is not needed and is forfeited).
There are a number of varieties of accruing dividends, including those
that are payable in cash and those payable in additional shares of
preferred stock. Also, although a basic "accruing dividend" involves a
simple interest calculation, sometimes a so-called "cumulative" accruing
dividend is requested, and it involves compound interest calculations.

**Conversion:** Preferred stock should convert into common stock
automatically at the company's IPO. The special rights generally
accorded to preferred stock sold to early-stage investors could create
problems for a public company.

**Anti-dilution **These provisions are designed to protect an investor
against "equity" dilution (later sales of stock at a price lower than
what the investor paid). Although the "weighted average" version is the
most common, an alternative is "full ratchet" anti-dilution protection.
Full-ratchet anti-dilution protection is far more advantageous to the
investor (but punitive to the company) than weighted average, but it is
usually reserved for very early-stage deals or other situations where
there is significant concern as to whether the valuation will hold up
over the long term. Put simply, weighted-average anti-dilution
protection accounts more accurately for the actual dilutive effect which
a particular issuance has on the investor's equity position in the
company. Full-ratchet anti-dilution protection, on the other hand,
treats all later stock issuances below the investor's purchase price as
if they were the same, regardless of the number of shares issued.

**Voting rights:** Although there are venture capital investors that ask
for other veto rights, this list covers some of the most frequently
requested veto rights. You may not have to provide veto rights with
respect to each of these matters. The key here is to try to limit veto
rights to major corporate events and to try to avoid turning day-to-day
operational matters into matters for a preferred stockholder vote. Thus,
for example, (g) and (1) could be problematic if the dollar limits are
too low. Often a compromise may be reached with respect to a request for
a veto right on an operational matter by agreeing that such would be
subject to the veto of the Series A Preferred Stock's director but not
at the stockholder level. That keeps the issue at the board level \--
where it belongs.

**Liquidation:** This is a so-called "straight" liquidation preference.
An alternative is the "double dip" or "participating" liquidation
preference, which provides that the preferred stock get an amount equal
to its money back (plus any accrued dividends if there is an accruing
dividend) and then participates with common stock on an "as converted
basis.\" A double-dip liquidation preference is a pricing term most
often seen in early-stage deals or in "down rounds.\"

**Board of Directors: **Working out what the Board will look like
following the Series A round will be one of the most important matters
to deal with. Generally, the Series A investors will ask for and receive
representation on the board. The questions will be how many seats do
they get and what effect will that have on the founders' and
management's board representation. In the end, everybody involved will
need to participate in, and be satisfied with, the decisions regarding
board structure.

**Options and Vesting:** Venture capital investors will likely impose a
vesting schedule on stock and options held by founders, management, and
employees as a condition to investment. If shares or options are not yet
vested, they are subject to being lost if the person ceases to work for
the company for any reason. Venture capital investors impose such
vesting requirements in order to provide the company's people with a
reason to stay with the company. Also, if a person ceases to work for
the company for any reason, the nonvested shares are available for grant
to his or her replacement. The theory here is, of course, that the best
business plan is worth nothing without the people to execute it.

**Redemption:** This is simply a right to achieve liquidity in the event
that the company does not otherwise reach a sale or IPO by the end of
the selected time period. Since the company cannot redeem stock if to do
so would render the company insolvent, this right is useful only in
situations in which the company has become some sort of a sideways play.
Usually the redemption price is the price paid for the stock plus the
accruing dividend, if there is one. Occasionally, venture capital firms
will request that the redemption price be at the greater of such price
and the then fair market value of the stock. The only thing to watch out
for here is to make sure that the company can pay the redemption out
over time. (In my experience, three payments over two years are common.)

**Right of First Refusal:** While this is generally asked for and
received by venture capital investors (who can give you a yes or no
quickly without the need for elaborate disclosure documents to comply
with the securities laws), a company should, in my opinion, think about
resisting this request if it comes from individual investors.

**Other Provisions:** The term sheet should be non-binding (with the
exception only of the exclusivity provision, if there is one, and any
provisions regarding confidentiality).

**Expenses: **The amount of expenses included in this provision depends
on where the

lawyers are from. Make sure that there is a cap. You may also want to
resist any request to pay ongoing fees for the cost of complying with
requests for waivers, etc., after the closing (except to the extent to
which the investors incur fees because the company breaches its
obligations to them).

**Condition to Closing:** Be on the lookout for any exclusivity
provisions in this clause. Usually, such exclusivity provisions require
the company to refrain from taking an investment from anyone else for a
set period of time after the term sheet is signed. While an exclusivity
provision may be acceptable (and is often imposed), be sure to pay
attention to the time period. It should be no longer than is necessary
to complete the transaction, with a little extra time for possible
delays. In my opinion, 30 days should be acceptable in most instances;
60 days is pushing it in most instances; and 90 days is probably
unreasonable in almost all cases. Also, make sure that the exclusivity
period automatically ends in the event that the deal is called off
before the period expires.
