**TERM SHEET**

**Issue: ** \[VENTURE CAPITAL FIRM\] (\"VC\") and/or any member of its
corporate group (\"the VC Group\") will purchase up to \[AMOUNT\] Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock (\"Series A\") newly issued by \[COMPANY\]
(the \"Company\") at a price per share of \[PRICE\] (the \"Purchase
Price\"). In addition, other investors shall purchase at least
\[AMOUNT\] but not more than \[AMOUNT\] of newly issued Series A at the
Purchase Price.

The shares of Series A will be convertible at any time at the option of
the holder into common shares of the Company (\"Common Stock\") on a
one-for-one basis, adjusted for future share splits.

The Purchase Price equates to a pre-money valuation of \[VALUATION\].
The calculation is based on \[NUMBER\] fully diluted shares of Common
Stock. If the number of shares issued, or stock awards/options
authorized increases before the closing the price per share for Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be reduced so that the pre-money
valuation is unchanged.

The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be referred to herein as
the \"Preferred Stock.\"

**Dividend:** The Preferred Stock is entitled to an annual \[AMOUNT\]
per share dividend, payable when and if declared by the Board of
Directors, but prior to any payment on Common Stock; dividends are not
cumulative*. *

**Liquidation Preference:** The Series A will have a liquidation
preference so that proceeds on a merger, sale or liquidation (including
non-cumulative dividends) will first be paid to the Series A and will
include a \[%\] per annum compounding guaranteed return calculated on
the total amount invested. Upon completion of an additional round of
funding of at least \[AMOUNT\] the compounding guaranteed return feature
will expire. The liquidation preference will cease to operate if the
proceeds due to Series A, on a merger, sale or liquidation on an
as-converted basis, exceed the proceeds that would be due under the
liquidation preference.

**Use of Proceeds:** The funds raised by Series A will be used
principally for general working capital purposes.

**Voting Rights: ** The holders of the Series A shall have the right to
vote with the Common Stock on an as-if-converted basis.

**Redemption:** If not previously converted, the Series A is to be
redeemed in three equal successive annual installments beginning
\[DATE\]. Redemption will be at the purchase price plus a \[%\] per
annum cumulative guaranteed return.

**Pre-emptive Rights:** Holders of the Preferred Stock will be granted
rights to participate in future equity financings of the Company based
upon their pro-rata, as-if-converted, ownership of the Company.

**Automatic Conversion:** The Preferred Stock shall be automatically
converted into Common Stock at the then applicable conversion rate (1:1
assuming no share splits) in the event of an underwritten public
offering of shares of the Company at a total offering of not less than
\[AMOUNT\] and at a per share public offering price of not less than
three times the Series A purchase price per share, adjusted for splits.

**Anti-Dilution: ** Series A shall have weighted average anti-dilution,
based on a weighted average formula to be agreed, for all securities
purchased as part of this transaction (excluding shares, options and
warrants issued for management incentive and small issues for strategic
purposes of under \[NUMBER\] shares*). *

**Management Options:* **** *Simultaneously with this transaction, one
million new shares shall expand the Company\'s management incentive
stock option pool -- bringing the total number of shares issued and
stock incentives (awards and options) authorized to \[NUMBER OF
SHARES\].

**Rights of First Offer; Tag-Along: **The Company and the Investors will
have a right of first refusal with respect to any employee\'s shares
proposed to be resold. Alternatively, the Investors will have the right
to participate in the sale of any such shares to a third party (co-sale
rights), which rights will terminate upon a public offering.

**Information Rights:** Monthly actual vs. plan and prior year. Annual
budget \[NUMBER\] days before beginning of fiscal year. Annual audit by
national firm. All recipients of financial statements to execute
non-disclosure agreement acceptable to Company counsel. The
aforementioned information rights shall be available to each holder of
Preferred Stock for as long as such holder owns \[NUMBER\] shares of
Preferred Stock or shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of
shares of Preferred Stock.

**Negative Covenants:** Approval by holders of Preferred Stock of
organic changes outside normal course of business and sale, liquidation
or merger, increase in board seats or change election procedures, new
shares senior to or on par with and all distributions (dividends,
repurchases).

**Board of Directors:** The Board will consist of \[NUMBER\] members.
The holders of the Preferred Stock will have the right to designate
\[NUMBER\] directors, the holders of the Common (exclusive of the
Investors) will have the right to designate \[NUMBER\] directors, and
the remaining \[NUMBER\] directors will be unaffiliated persons elected
by the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock voting as a single class.

**Stock Restriction Agreement:** All present holders of Common Stock of
the Company who are employees of, or consultants to, the Company will
execute a Stock Restriction Agreement with the Company pursuant to which
the Company will have an option to buy back at cost a portion of the
shares of Common stock held by such person in the event that such
stockholder\'s employment with the Company is terminated prior to the
date of employment. \[%\] of the shares will be released each year from
the repurchase option based upon continued employment by the Company.

**Non-competition, Proprietary** Each officer and key employee of the
Company designated by **Information & Inventions **the Investors will
enter into a nonâ€‘competition, proprietary information and Inventions
agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Investors.

**Expenses:** The Company shall pay the reasonable expenses of legal
counsel to represent the Investors in the completion of the Preferred
Stock Agreement and the completion of all due diligence, up to a maximum
of \[AMOUNT\].

**Definitive Purchase & Due Diligence:** The purchase of the Series A
will be made pursuant to negotiation of a definitive Series A purchase
agreement. Additionally, the closing of this investment will be
contingent on the satisfactory completion of VC\'s due diligence reviews
and final investment committee approvals. Such due diligence reviews
will include, but not be limited to, a professional review of all legal
and financial contracts of the Company.

**Closing: **The Company and VC agree to use their best efforts to close
the transaction on or about **\[DATE\]**. It is agreeable to have a
first closing of the transaction for \[AMOUNT\] of Series A and leave
the transaction open for an additional \[NUMBER\] days post first
closing to close up to \[NUMBER\] of total Series A.

Other than that the Company hereby agrees to pay Investors\' reasonable
legal fees of up to \[AMOUNT\] in case a definitive agreement is not
ultimately reached with VC (which agreement is legally binding) the
undersigned acknowledge that this term sheet does not constitute a
binding agreement, but expresses an agreement in principle covering the
principal terms of an equity financing, and an undertaking to proceed in
good faith to negotiate a definitive agreement.

This Term Sheet merely constitutes a statement of the present material
intentions of the parties, but that except as set forth under the
heading "[Confidentiality]{.underline}," "[Expenses]{.underline}" and
"[Exclusivity]{.underline}" above as to which the parties intend to be
legally bound, no legally binding agreement or obligation of any party
are covered by this Term Sheet. No oral modifications to this principle
shall be valid.

This proposal remains open until \[DATE\], at which point it will be
deemed to have been withdrawn.

COMPANY VENTURE CAPITAL FIRM

\[REPRESENTED BY NAME & TITLE\] \[REPRESENTED BY NAME & TITLE\]
