**[TERM SHEET FOR POTENTIAL INVESTMENT]{.underline}**

**[IN]{.underline}**

**[\[NAME OF COMPANY\]]{.underline}**

**CONFIDENTIAL TERM SHEET**

[This term sheet summarizes the principal terms with respect to a
potential private placement of equity securities of \[COMPANY\] (the
\"Company\") by a group of investors led by \[VC FIRM\]. This term sheet
is intended solely as a basis for further discussion and is not intended
to be and does not constitute a legally binding obligation except as
provided under \"Confidentiality,\" \"Exclusivity\" and \"Expenses\"
below. No other legally binding obligations will be created, implied, or
inferred until a document in final form entitled \"Stock Purchase
Agreement,\" is executed and delivered by all parties. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, it is the parties intent that, until
that event, no agreement shall exist among them and there shall be no
obligations whatsoever based on such things as parol evidence, extended
negotiations, \"handshakes,\" oral understandings, or courses of conduct
(including reliance and changes of position), except as provided under
\"Confidentiality,\" \"Exclusivity\" and \"Expenses\"
below.]{.underline}

[The Company and the investors are discussing a private placement of
shares of Preferred Stock on the following terms:]{.underline}

**[Amount of Investment:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}**[\[AMOUNT\]]{.underline}

**[Valuation of the Company:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}**[\[AMOUNT\] Pre-Money on a fully diluted
basis]{.underline}

[ \[AMOUNT\] Post-Money on a fully diluted basis]{.underline}

**[Type of Security:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[Shares of the
Company\'s Series \[SERIES\] Preferred Stock (\"Preferred\"),
convertible into shares of the Company\'s Common Stock
(\"Common\").]{.underline}

**[Price Per Share:]{.underline}**[ \[AMOUNT\] (\"Original Purchase
Price\").]{.underline}

**[Capitalization of the Company:]{.underline}**[ The current
capitalization of the Company is set forth in Exhibit 1, and the
capitalization of the Company after this proposed financing is set forth
in Exhibit 2.]{.underline}

**Dividend Provisions:** Starting on \[DATE\], the holders of the
Preferred will be entitled to receive dividends at the rate of \[%\] of
the Original Purchase Price whenever funds are legally available and
when and as declared by the Board. No dividend shall be paid on the
Common at a rate greater than the rate at which dividends are paid on
Preferred (based on the number of shares of Common into which the
Preferred is convertible on the date the dividend is declared).
Dividends on Preferred will be in preference to dividends paid on the
Common. Dividends on the Preferred will be noncumulative.

**Liquidation Preference: ** In the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of Preferred will
be entitled to receive in preference to the holders of Common an amount
(\"Liquidation Preference\") equal to the Original Purchase Price plus
any dividends declared on the Preferred but not paid \[and then to share
with the holders of the Common in the remaining assets on an
as-if-converted basis\]. At the option of the holders of Preferred, the
effectuation by the Company or third party acquirors of a transaction or
series of transactions in which more than \[%\]. \[%\] of the voting
power of the Company is disposed of to a single person or group of
affiliated persons or the consolidation or merger of the Company with or
into any other corporation or corporations or the sale of all or
substantially all of its assets shall be deemed to be a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up for purposes of the liquidation preference.

**Conversion: **A holder of Preferred will have the right to convert
Preferred, at the option of the holder, at any time, into shares of
Common. The total number of shares of Common into which Preferred may be
converted initially will be determined by dividing the Original Purchase
Price by the conversion price. The initial conversion price will be the
Original Purchase Price. The conversion price will be the subject of
adjustment to reflect stock dividends, stock splits and similar events
and as provided in Antidilution Provisions below.

**[Automatic Conversion: ]{.underline}**[ The Preferred will be
automatically converted into Common, at the then applicable conversion
price, upon the closing of a sale of the Company\'s shares of Common
Stock pursuant to a firm commitment underwritten public offering by the
Company at a public offering price per share (prior to underwriter
commissions and discounts) that is not less than \[AMOUNT\] in an
offering greater than \[AMOUNT\].]{.underline}

**Antidilution Provisions: ** The conversion price of the Preferred will
be subject to adjustment (i) for stock dividends, stock splits, or
similar events, and (ii) on a weighted average basis to prevent dilution
in the event that the Company issues additional shares at a purchase
price less than the applicable conversion price. No adjustment to the
conversion price will occur for any issuance of additional shares at a
purchase price in excess of the current conversion price. Conversion
prices will not be adjusted because of (a) conversion of Preferred
Stock, (b) the issuance and sale of, or the grant of options to
purchase, \[NUMBER\] shares of Common pursuant to the Company\'s
employee stock purchase or option plans (the \"Reserved Employee
Shares\"), or (c) options or stock issued to equipment lessors and bank
lenders.

**Voting Rights: ** Except with respect to election of Directors, a
holder of Preferred will have the right to that number of votes equal to
the number of shares of Common issuable upon conversion of its Preferred
at the time the shares are voted. Election of Directors will be as
described under \"Board Representation\" below.

**[Protective Provisions:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[
]{.underline}**[\[So long as there are at least \[NUMBER\] shares of
Preferred outstanding,\] consent of the holders of at least a majority
of the outstanding Preferred will be required for any action which
would: (i) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to,
the Company\'s \[Articles or Certificate\] or Bylaws to change the
rights of the Preferred, or increase or decrease the number of
authorized shares of the Preferred; (ii) create any new series or class
or shares having a preference or priority as to dividends or assets
superior to or on a parity with that of the Preferred; (iii) create any
bonds, notes or other obligations convertible into, exchangeable for or
having option rights to purchase shares of stock with any preference or
priority as to dividends or assets superior to or on a parity with that
of the Preferred; (iv) reclassify any class or series of Common into
shares with a preference or priority as to dividends or assets superior
to or on a parity with that of the Preferred; (v) apply any of its
assets to the redemption or acquisition of any shares of Common, except
from employees, advisors, officers, directors, consultants and
serviceproviders of the Company on terms approved by the Board; or (vi)
agree to a merger, sale or consolidation of the Company with another
entity or the effectuation of any transaction or series of related
transactions in which more than \[%\] of the voting power of the Company
is disposed.]{.underline}

**[Redemption:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[The Company shall redeem
the Preferred in \[three\] equal annual installments commencing \[six\]
years from the date of purchase by paying in cash an amount equal to the
Original Purchase Price plus any declared but unpaid dividends plus
\[%\] for each year the Preferred Stock is outstanding. To the extent
that the Company may not at any such date legally redeem such Preferred,
such redemption will take place as soon as legally
permitted.]{.underline}

**Registration Rights Agreement: ** The information and registration
rights provisions between the Company and any past purchasers of the
Company\'s stock shall be merged with the registration rights of the
investors in this transaction to be set forth in Investors Rights
Agreement (the \"Rights Agreement\").

**[Information Rights:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[So
long as an investor holds Preferred (or Common issued upon conversion of
Preferred), the Company will deliver to such investor annual audited and
quarterly unaudited financial statements. So long as the investor holds
at least \[%\] of the Preferred, and the Company has not gone public,
the Company will timely furnish such investor with budgets and monthly
financial statements.]{.underline}

**[Demand Rights on ]{.underline}[Government
]{.underline}[Forms]{.underline}[: ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[If, at
any time after the earlier of the Company\'s initial public offering and
the date \[NUMBER\] years from the purchase of the Preferred (but not
within \[NUMBER\] days of the effective date of a registration),
investors holding at least \[%\] of the Preferred (or Common issued upon
conversion of the Preferred) request that the Company file a
Registration Statement for at least \[%\] of the Common issued or
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred or any lesser percentage if
the aggregate offering price to the public would exceed \[AMOUNT\], the
Company will use its reasonably diligent efforts to cause such shares to
be registered. The Company will not be obligated to effect more than two
registrations under these demand registration right
provisions.]{.underline}

**[Piggy-Back Registration:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[ The investors
will be entitled to \"piggy-back\" registration rights on registrations
of the Company or on any demand registrations, subject to the right of
the Company and its underwriters, in view of market conditions, to
reduce or eliminate the number of shares of the investors proposed to be
registered.]{.underline}

**Registration Expenses: ** All registration expenses (exclusive of
underwriting discounts and commissions and special counsel fees of a
selling shareholder) shall be borne by the Company.

**Transfer of Registration Rights: ** The registration rights may be
transferred to a transferee (other than a competitor of the Company) who
acquires at least \[%\] of the shares held by a holder of Preferred (or
Common issued upon conversion of Preferred). Transfer of registration
rights to a limited or general partner of any investor will be without
restriction as to minimum shareholding.

**Future Purchasers of Company Securities: ** Subsequent purchasers of
the Company's securities may be granted information and registration
rights upon consent of the holders of at least \[%\] of the holders of
registration rights.

**Other Registration Provisions: **Other provisions will be contained in
the Stock Purchase Agreement with respect to registration rights as are
customary, including cross-indemnification, the Company\'s ability to
delay the filing of the demand registration for a period of not more
than \[NUMBER\] days, the agreement by purchasers of the Preferred if
requested by the underwriter in a public offering not to sell any
Company securities they hold for a period of up to \[NUMBER\] days
following the effective date of the Registration Statement of such
offering, underwriting arrangements and the like. The registration
rights will only apply to Common issued upon conversion of Preferred and
the Company shall have no obligation to register an offering of
Preferred.

**[Board Representation:]{.underline}**[ The authorized number of
directors of the Company will be not less than \[NUMBER\] nor more than
\[NUMBER\], to be initially fixed at \[NUMBER\]. So long as \[%\] or
more of the Preferred issued in this financing remain outstanding, the
Preferred (voting as a class) will elect \[NUMBER\] directors and the
Common (voting as a class) will elect \[NUMBER\] directors. If at any
time, less than \[%\] of the Preferred remains outstanding, all of the
directors will be elected by the Preferred and Common voting together as
one class, and the Preferred will be entitled to vote as if all of the
Preferred were converted to Common.]{.underline}

**[Use of Proceeds:]{.underline}**[ The proceeds from the sale of the
Preferred will be used for \[DESCRIBE\].]{.underline}

**[Employment Relationships:]{.underline}**[ The Company has or will
have prior to the closing employment agreements with the following
persons: \[NAMES\]. The Company will hire persons to the following
positions: \[DESCRIBE\].]{.underline}

**[Stock ]{.underline}[Restriction &]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Vesting
Agreements:]{.underline}**[ The founders of the Company and \[all\]
other holders of Common of the Company who are employees of, or
consultants to, the Company will execute a Stock Restriction and Vesting
Agreement with the Company pursuant to which the Company will have a
repurchase option to buy back at cost a portion of the shares of Common
Stock held by such person in the event that such shareholder\'s
employment with, or consulting to, the Company is terminated prior to
the expiration of \[NUMBER\] months from the date of the purchase of the
Preferred or date of first employment or consulting, whichever is later
(the \"Starting Date\"). A portion of the shares will be released from
the repurchase option based upon continued employment by the Company as
follows: \[%\] will be released from the repurchase option at the end of
each month from the Starting Date. In addition, the Company will have a
right of first refusal with respect to any employee\'s shares proposed
to be resold, terminable upon completion of a public
offering.]{.underline}

**[Market Standoff Agreements:]{.underline}**[ The Company, prior to
closing, will cause all present holders of the Company\'s Common and all
present holders of options to purchase the Company\'s Common to execute
a Market Standoff Agreement with the Company pursuant to which such
holders will agree, if so requested by the Company or any underwriter\'s
representative in connection with the first public offering of the
Company\'s Common, not to sell or otherwise transfer any securities of
the Company during a period of up to \[NUMBER\] days following the
effective date of the registration statement. The Company will require
all future purchasers of stock prior to the Company\'s initial public
offering to execute such a Market Standoff Agreement.]{.underline}

**[Reserved Employee Shares:]{.underline}**[ The Company may reserve up
to \[NUMBER\] shares of Common (the \"Reserved Employee Shares\")
inclusive of shares presently reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
outstanding options for issuance to employees, officers and consultants.
The Reserved Employee Shares will be issued from time to time under such
arrangements, contracts or plans as are approved by the Board of
Directors. Issuance of shares or options to employees in excess of the
Reserved Employee Shares will be subject to the investors\' right of
first refusal described below. Holders of Reserved Employee Shares will
be required to execute Stock Restriction and Vesting Agreements as
described above.]{.underline}

**[Right of First Refusal:]{.underline}**[ In the event that the Company
offers equity securities (other than Reserved Employee Shares, or upon
conversion of outstanding Preferred, or upon exercise of outstanding
options or warrants, or in connection with an acquisition or in a public
offering), each investor \[who holds at least \[%\] of the Preferred
Stock issued in this private placement\] shall have a right of first
refusal to purchase a pro rata percentage of shares in the new offering,
based on the holder\'s percentage ownership interest in the Company.
This right will terminate upon the Company\'s initial public
offering.]{.underline}

**[Co-Sale Agreement:]{.underline}**[ The founders of the Company shall
execute a Co-Sale Agreement in which if any founder proposes to sell
shares of the Company, each investor will be entitled to participate in
such sale by selling the same percentage of his stock as such founder is
selling of such founder\'s Common. This right will terminate upon the
Company\'s initial public offering.]{.underline}

**[Confidential Information &]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Inventions
]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[Each officer, director and key employee
of the Company]{.underline}

**[Agreement:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[will enter into a
Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement in a form
reasonably acceptable to the Company and the investors.]{.underline}

**[The Stock Purchase Agreement:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[The
purchase of the Preferred, if consummated, will be made pursuant to a
Stock Purchase Agreement (with exhibits) drafted by counsel to the
investors and acceptable to the Company and the investors. The Stock
Purchase Agreement will contain, among other things, representations and
warranties of the Company, covenants of the Company, and conditions to
the obligations of the investors.]{.underline}

**[Conditions of Closing:]{.underline}**[ The closing for the purchase
of the Preferred will be conditioned upon:]{.underline}

[1) Completion of due diligence to the satisfaction of the investors in
their sole discretion.]{.underline}

[2) Execution by the Company of a Stock Purchase Agreement and related
agreements satisfactory to the investors in their sole discretion.
]{.underline}

[3) Compliance by the Company with applicable securities laws.
]{.underline}

[4) Opinion of counsel to the Company rendered to the investors in form
and substance satisfactory to the investors. ]{.underline}

[5) Key man life insurance having been obtained for the benefit of the
Company on \[DATE\] for \[AMOUNT\], provided that the Company can obtain
such insurance at normally prevailing rates for persons in good health.
]{.underline}

**[Expenses:]{.underline}**[ The Company will pay the reasonable legal
fees and expenses incurred by a single counsel to all investors, subject
to a cap of \[AMOUNT\], payable at Closing or payable if the Company
elects not to proceed with this transaction.]{.underline}

**[Finders:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**[The Company and the investors
each will indemnify the other for any finder\'s fees for which that
party is responsible.]{.underline}

**[Closing:]{.underline}**[ The closing of the transaction, if all
conditions are met, is expected to occur on or before
\[DATE\].]{.underline}

**[Counsel to the Investors:]{.underline}**[ \[Name\]]{.underline}

[\[Phone\]]{.underline}

[\[Fax\]]{.underline}

[\[E-mail\]]{.underline}

**[Counsel to the ]{.underline}[Company]{.underline}[:]{.underline}**[
\[Name\]]{.underline}

[\[Phone\]]{.underline}

[\[Fax\]]{.underline}

[\[E-mail\]]{.underline}

**[EXHIBIT 1]{.underline}**

**[CURRENT CAPITALIZATION]{.underline}[ OF THE COMPANY]{.underline}**

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **[Type of                       | **[Common Stock]{.underline}**   |
| Security]{.underline}**          |                                  |
|                                  | **[Equivalent                    |
|                                  | Shares]{.underline}**            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Series A Preferred]{.underline} | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Common Stock]{.underline}       | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Outstanding Options for Common  | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| Stock]{.underline}               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Common Stock Reserved for       | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| Future Options]{.underline}      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [                                | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| ]{.u                             |                                  |
| nderline}**[Total]{.underline}** |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

**[EXHIBIT 2]{.underline}**

**[CAPITALIZATION OF THE COMPANY]{.underline}[ AFTER THE PROPOSED
FINANCING]{.underline}**

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **[Type of                       | **[Common Stock]{.underline}**   |
| Security]{.underline}**          |                                  |
|                                  | **[Equivalent                    |
|                                  | Shares]{.underline}**            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Series A Preferred]{.underline} | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Common Stock]{.underline}       | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Outstanding Options for Common  | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| Stock]{.underline}               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [Common Stock Reserved for       | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| Future Options]{.underline}      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| [                                | [\[NUMBER\]]{.underline}         |
| ]{.u                             |                                  |
| nderline}**[Total]{.underline}** |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

**[EXHIBIT 3]{.underline}**

**[DISTRIBUTION LIST FOR DOCUMENTS]{.underline}**
