Lost Stock Certificate, Affidavit of

State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

County of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, being first duly sworn on oath
deposes and says that \_\_\_ is an adult and resides at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

1\. The certificate(s) representing the following described shares of
stock has been lost,

stolen or destroyed:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Registered owner\'s exact name as it appears on the original
certificate:

Issuer\'s name:

Number of shares:

2\. The above-described stock is solely owned by
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

3\. That Affiant has made or caused to be made a diligent search for
said securities and

has been unable to find or recover same. Neither said securities nor any
interest therein has been sold, assigned, endorsed, pawned, pledged for
any bank or brokerage loan or otherwise, or disposed of in any manner by
or on behalf of said owner. Neither said owner nor anyone on said
owner\'s behalf has signed any power of attorney, any stock power, or
other assignment or authorization respecting the same which is now
outstanding and in force. No person, firm or corporation has any right,
title, claim, equity, or interest in, to, or respecting said securities,
excepting the sole owner above named.

4\. That this affidavit is made for the purpose of inducing the issuance
of a new or duplicate certificate in substitution of or in exchange for
said lost, stolen or destroyed certificate without requiring the
surrender of the original, or the payment, delivery, exchange, or credit
in respect of such original without such surrender, and/or inducing to
issue an indemnity bond.

5\. If such new or duplicate certificate(s) is so issued, countersigned
and registered, or such payment, delivery, exchange or credit is made in
respect of such original(s), then it is understood and Affiant hereby
agrees that if said lost certificate comes into Affiant\'s control or
custody, the recovered stock certificate will be delivered to the issuer
or, at issuer\'s request, to issuer\'s Transfer Agent, for the purpose
of cancellation.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Owner of Stock

Acknowledgment: Subscribed and sworn to before me this \_\_day of
\_\_\_\_\_\_, 20\_\_\_\_\_\_.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Notary Public

My commission expires:

Lost Stock Certificate, Affidavit of

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. When you lose a stock
certificate, first contact the issuing company to advise them of the
circumstances and request guidance regarding replacement. Call or write
the corporation's headquarters and ask for the investor relations
department; the fastest method these days is to go to their website,
find Investor Relations, and contact them that way. You should start by
preparing this affidavit. It puts all of the information in order. Even
if they require using their document this will get you primed.

1.  Use a notary. All states allow that. There are shortcuts in some
    states but it is far simpler, as always, to do it right and get a
    formal document such as this one notarized. Duplicate originals are
    a good idea. Send the original to the company and retain the other
    for backup, along with a couple of copies for your records.
