**PROFIT-SHARING PLAN FOR SELF-EMPLOYED INDIVIDUALS**

*The following document is a model profit-sharing plan that is intended
to give you an idea of what a typical profit-sharing plan contains. You
can modify this form to meet your specific circumstances. Of course, if
you intend to use this plan, you should make sure that your attorney
reviews it and approves any changes you make.*

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

**Article **

** Preamble **

**1. Purpose and Definitions**

Preamble

Purpose

Definitions

Construction

**2. Service Credit and Participation**

Hour of Service

Service

Break in Service

Loss of Service

Multiple Trades and Businesses

Participation Originating Under This Plan

Cessation of Participation Service and Reentry

**3. Contributions**

Contributions by Employer

Member Voluntary Contributions

Member Voluntary Contributions (Alternate)

**4. Individual Accounts and Allocations**

Establishment of Individual Accounts

Allocation of Employer Contributions

Allocation of Gains and Losses

Allocation of Forfeitures

Notification to Members

**5. Retirement**

Benefit

**6. Death**

Designation of Beneficiary

Benefit

No Beneficiary

**7. Disability**

Benefit

**8. Termination of Employment, and Forfeitures**

Eligibility

Benefit

Forfeitures

Early Retirement

**9. Distribution Notices and Methods of Payment**

Notice to Trustee

Subsequent Notices

Time and Methods of Payment

Limitations on Payment

Minority or Disability Payments

**10. Special Governmental Requirements**

Limit on Annual Additions Under \[CODE SECTION\]

Top-Heavy Restrictions

**11. Administration**

Appointment of Committee

Committee Powers and Duties

Claims Procedure

Committee Procedures

Authorization of Benefit Payments

Payment of Expenses

Unclaimed Benefits

**12. Trust Fund**

Establishment of Trust Fund

Payment of Contributions to Trust Fund

**13. Amendments**

Right to Amend

**14. Withdrawal and Termination**

Transfers of Plan Assets and Plan Mergers

Plan Termination

Suspension and Discontinuance of Contributions and Plan

Termination

Liquidation of Trust Fund

**15. General Provisions**

Non-guarantee of Employment

Manner of Payment

Non-alienation of Benefits

Amounts Returnable to the Employer

Governing Law

**PROFIT-SHARING PLAN FOR SELF-EMPLOYED**

**INDIVIDUALS OF \[COMPANE NAME\] **

**PREAMBLE**

\[COMPANE NAME\] , organized and existing under the laws of the State of
\[STATE/PROVINCE\], hereby establishes a profit-sharing plan for its
employees as hereinafter defined, effective \[THE EFFECTIVE DATE\].

Said organization, as part of the aforesaid Plan, adopts concurrently
herewith a Trust agreement creating a Trust Fund (hereinafter at times
referred to as the \"Fund\"), to which contributions shall be made and
from which benefits shall be paid in accordance with the terms and
conditions thereof.

The Plan hereby established is conditioned upon its qualification under
\[SECTION\] of \[CODE\] , as amended from time to time, with employer
contributions being deductible under \[SECTION\] of \[CODE\] or any
other applicable sections thereof, as amended from time to time. The
Plan is intended to qualify as a profit-sharing plan.

1.  **PURPOSE AND DEFINITIONS**

    1.  **Purpose:**

The purpose of this Plan is to encourage Employees to save and invest,
systematically, a portion of their current Compensation in order that
they may have a source of additional income upon their Retirement or
Disability, or for their family in the event of death. The benefits
provided by this Plan will be paid from the Trust Fund and will be in
addition to the benefits Employees are entitled to receive under any
other programs of the Employer.

This Plan and the separate related Trust forming a part hereof are
established and shall be maintained for the exclusive benefit of the
eligible Employees of the Employer and their Beneficiaries. No part of
the Trust Fund can ever revert to the Employer or be used for or
diverted to any other purpose other than for the exclusive benefit of
the Employees of the Employer and their Beneficiaries, except as
provided in Section 18.4 hereof.

1.  **Definitions:**

Where the following words and phrases appear in this Plan, they shall
have the respective meanings set forth below, unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise:

a.  *Committee:* The person or persons appointed to administer the Plan
    in accordance with Article XII hereof.

b.  *Compensation:* As to Owner-Employees and any partner who owns less
    \[%\] capital or profits interest in the trade or business,
    Compensation means the Earned Income of such individual, which is
    net income from self-employment derived from the business with
    respect to which the Plan is established, provided his personal
    services are a material income producing factor in such business,
    determined without regard to items which are not included in gross
    income for purposes of federal income tax and the deductions
    properly allocable to or chargeable against such items, and
    determined after deduction for contributions on behalf of said
    Owner-Employee and all other Employees. Earned Income also includes
    gains which are not treated under the Code as gains from the sale or
    exchange of capital assets and net earnings derived from the sale or
    other disposition of, the transfer of any interest in, or the
    licensing of the use of property (other than goodwill) by an
    individual whose efforts created such property. It is the intent of
    the foregoing to incorporate the definition of earned income as set
    forth in \[CODE SECTION\].

As to any other Employee, the total cash remuneration paid to the
Employee for a calendar year by an Employer (or predecessor company) for
personal services as reported on the Employee\'s federal income tax
withholding statement or statements. Effective for the Plan Year
beginning in \[year\], this Plan shall not take into consideration
compensation in excess of \[AMOUNT\], as indexed under \[CODE SECTION\],
in computing any Plan benefits.

a.  *Covered Employment:* The employment category for which the Plan is
    maintained, which includes any employment with the Employer.

b.  *Disability:* A physical or mental condition which, in the judgment
    of the Committee, totally and presumably permanently prevents an
    Employee from engaging in substantial gainful employment with his
    Employer.

c.  *Effective Date:* \[EFFECTIVE DATE\].

d.  *Employee:* Any person who, on or after the Effective Date, is
    receiving remuneration for personal services rendered as a common
    law employee of the Employer or Affiliated Employer (or who would be
    receiving such remuneration except for an authorized Leave of
    Absence), or any Owner Employee, or a partner who has less than a
    \[%\] capital or profits interest in the trade or business.

This Plan shall not cover leased employees. For this purpose, a \"leased
employee\" means any person who on or after \[DATE\], and pursuant to an
agreement between the Employer and any other person (\"leasing
organization\") has performed services for the Employer (or for the
Employer and related persons determined in accordance with \[CODE
SECTION\] on a substantially full-time basis for a period of at least
one year and such services are of a type historically performed by
employees in the business field of the Employer.

a.  *Employer:* \[COMPANE NAME\]

b.  *ERISA:* \[CODE SECTION\], as amended from time to time.

c.  *Individual Account:* Each of the accounts maintained by the
    Committee showing the individual interests in the Trust Fund of each
    Member, former Member, and Beneficiary, as described in Section 5.1
    hereof.

d.  *Leave of Absence:* Any absence from service authorized by an
    Employer under such Employer\'s standard personnel practices,
    provided that all persons under similar circumstances must be
    treated alike in the granting of such Leaves of Absence, and
    provided further that the Employee returns or retires within the
    period specified in the authorized Leave of Absence.

e.  *Limitation Year:* The year used in applying \[CODE SECTION\], which
    year is \[YEAR\].

f.  *Member:* An Employee who has met the eligibility requirements for
    participation set forth in Article II hereof, or a former Member for
    whom an Individual Account continues to be maintained hereunder.

g.  *Normal Retirement Date:* The \[NUMBER\] birthday of a Member.

h.  *Owner-Employee:* A sole proprietor or partner who owns more than
    \[%\] of either the capital interest or profits interest of a trade
    or business.

i.  *Plan:* \[NAME OF THE PLAN\], the Plan set forth herein as amended
    from time to time.

j.  *Plan Administrator:* \[NAME OF PLAN ADMINISTRATOR\].

k.  *Plan Year:* Each annual period beginning on \[PLAN YEAR STARTING
    DATE\] and ending on \[PLAN YEAR ENDING DATE\].

l.  *Retirement:* Termination of employment with all Affiliated
    Employers after a Member has reached his Normal Retirement Date.
    Retirement shall be considered as commencing on the day immediately
    following a Member\'s last day of employment (or authorized Leave of
    Absence, if later).

m.  *Service:* A period or periods of employment of an Employee as
    described in Article II hereof.

n.  *Trust Agreement:* \[NAME OF TRUST AGREEMENT\], as amended from time
    to time, which constitutes a part of this Plan.

o.  *Trust or Trust Fund:* The fund maintained in accordance with the
    terms of the Trust Agreement.

p.  *Trustee:* The corporation or individuals appointed by the Employer
    to administer the Trust in accordance with the Trust Agreement.

q.  *Valuation Date:* The date as of which the Trust Fund is valued and
    gains or losses allocated, which shall be the last day of each Plan
    Year. The Committee may use more frequent Valuation Dates if it so
    desires.

    1.  **Construction:**

The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, shall be deemed to
include the feminine gender, unless the context indicates to the
contrary.

1.  **SERVICE CREDIT AND PARTICIPATION**

    1.  **Hour of Service:**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  *Hours of Service Credit Used for All Purposes:* An Hour of Service
    is any hour for which an Employee is directly or indirectly paid or
    entitled to payment for the performance of duties (irrespective of
    whether the employment relationship has terminated) or for certain
    reasons other than the performance of duties, including any hour for
    which back pay (irrespective of mitigation of damages) is due, by
    the Employer or Affiliated Employer.

Such payment for reasons other than the performance of duties must be
due to vacation, holiday, illness, incapacity (including disability),
lay-off, jury duty, military duty, or Leave of Absence; provided,
however, that no Hour of Service need be credited for payments received
solely for the purpose of complying with applicable workers\'
compensation or unemployment or disability insurance laws or for
payments received solely for reimbursing the Employee for medical or
medically related expenses. It is further provided that no more than
\[NUMBER\] Hours of Service credit need be given for each single
continuous period for which an Employee is paid for reasons other than
the performance of duties. The determination of such Hours of Service
for the nonperformance of duties shall be in accordance with \[CODE\].

Hours of Service credit at the rate of \[NUMBER\] hours per week shall
also be granted for any non-paid period of absence authorized by the
Employer in accordance with its uniform Leave of Absence policy for
granting such credit or for military duty to the extent required under
federal law.

Each Hour of Service earned by any Employee shall be credited to him as
of the time when he actually earned such Hour except as otherwise
permissible or required under \[CODE SECTION\]. In no event an Employee
receive credit for the same Hours more than once.

a.  *Hours of Service Credit Used Only for Purposes of Determination of
    Breaks in Service:* Solely for purposes of determining whether an
    Employee has incurred a \[NUMBER\] year Break in Service, Hours of
    Service Credit shall be given (if not already given under (a) above
    in this Section) for any absence, beginning after \[DATE\], by
    reason of pregnancy of the Employee, birth of the Employee\'s child,
    placement of a child with the Employee in connection with the
    adoption of such child by said Employee, and absence for purposes of
    caring for such child for a period beginning immediately following
    such birth or placement.

No more than \[NUMBER\] Hours of Service Credit need be given for such
periods of absence, and the credit given shall be the Hours of Service
which otherwise would normally have been credited to such Employee but
for such absence. In any case in which hourly records are not
maintained, Hours of Service credit shall be given at the rate of
\[NUMBER\] hours for each day of such absence.

Said Hours of Service shall be credited in the \[NUMBER\] month
computation period specified under Section 2.2 hereof during which said
absence began only if the Employee would be prevented from incurring a
Break in Service in said period by treating said periods of absence as
Hours of Service; however, if said Employee would not incur a Break in
Service during said period, such Hours of Service shall be credited in
the immediately following period.

1.  **Service:**

Service is the period of employment used in determining eligibility for
participation in this Plan, as well as in determining eligibility for
benefits. Subject to the loss of service rules below in this Article, a
year of Service is the \[NUMBER\] month period beginning with the date
of the Employee\'s first Hour of Service if he completes at least
\[NUMBER\] Hours of Service during such \[NUMBER\] month period, and is
any Plan Year following such date during which he completes at least
\[NUMBER\] Hours of Service.

1.  **Break in Service:**

For purposes of determining Service, an Employee shall have a year of
Break in Service for the \[NUMBER\] month period beginning with the date
of his first Hour of Service and for any Plan Year following such date
if during such \[NUMBER\] month period of such Plan Year he completes
\[NUMBER\] or fewer Hours of Service.

1.  **Loss of Service:**

If an Employee who does not have any vested benefit hereunder has a
termination of employment that results in at least \[NUMBER\]
consecutive years of Breaks in Service that are equal to or greater than
the total years of Service, then he shall lose all such prior Service
previously accrued hereunder.

1.  **Multiple Trades and Businesses:**

If this Plan provides contributions or benefits for one or more
Owner-Employees who control both the business with respect to which this
Plan is established and one or more other trades or businesses, this
Plan and the plan established with respect to such other trades or
businesses must, when looked at as a single plan, satisfy \[CODE
SECTION\] with respect to the Employees of this and all such other
trades or businesses.

If this Plan provides contributions or benefits for one or more
Owner-Employees who control one or more other trades or businesses, the
Employees of each such other trade or business must be included in a
plan which satisfies \[CODE SECTION\] and which provides contributions
and benefits not less favorable than provided for such Owner-Employees
under this Plan.

If an individual is covered as an Owner-Employee under the plans of two
or more trades or businesses which he does not control, and such
individual controls a trade or business, then the contributions or
benefits of the Employees under the plan of the trade or business which
he does control must be as favorable as those provided for him under the
most favorable plan of the trade or business which he does not control.

For purposes of the preceding paragraphs, an Owner-Employee, or
\[NUMBER\] or more Owner-Employees, shall be considered to control a
trade or business if such Owner-Employee, or such \[NUMBER\] or more
Owner-Employees together:

a.  own the entire interest in an unincorporated trade or business; or

b.  in the case of a partnership, own more than \[%\] of either the
    capital interest or the profits interest in such partnership.

    1.  **Participation Originating Under This Plan:**

Each Employee shall become a member in this Plan on the first day of the
month (i.e., \"entry date\") on which he:

a.  is in Covered Employment;

b.  has attained his \[NUMBER\] birthday; and

c.  has completed a year of Service.

    1.  **Cessation of Participation Service and Reentry:**

If an Employee has a year or more of Breaks in Service, or if he leaves
Covered Employment, before he has become a Member hereunder, he will,
following such Break in Service or interruption of Covered Employment,
become a Member on the first entry date specified in Section 2.6 hereof
after he meets the requirements for participation specified in Section
2.6 hereof. For purposes of determining whether an Employee\'s prior
Participation Service is to be counted toward such requirements, the
provisions of Section 2.4 hereof shall be applicable.

If an Employee has a year or more of Breaks in Service, or if he leaves
Covered Employment, after he has become a Member hereunder but before he
has any vested benefit hereunder, he will cease his participation in
this Plan, but will, immediately following such Break in Service or
interruption of Covered Employment, again become a Member provided he
then meets the requirements for participation specified above in this
Article. If the Employee does not then meet such requirements, he shall
become a Member on the first entry date specified in Section 2.6 hereof
after he does meet such requirements. For purposes of determining
whether an Employee\'s prior Participation Service is to be counted
toward such requirements, the provisions of Section 2.4 hereof shall be
applicable.

If an Employee has a year or more of Breaks in Service, or if he leaves
Covered Employment, after he has a vested benefit hereunder, he will
cease his participation in this Plan, but will, immediately following
such Break in Service or interruption of Covered Employment, again
become a Member hereunder, provided he is in Covered Employment.

1.  **CONTRIBUTIONS**

    1.  **Contributions by Employer:**

The Employer shall, during a Plan Year, contribute to the Trust an
amount determined at the Employer\'s discretion. Such contribution is
for allocation, in accordance with Section 4.2 hereof, among Employer
Contribution Accounts of Members who: (i) are employed by the Employer
on the Allocation Date and (ii) have completed at least \[NUMBER\] Hours
of Service during such Plan Year, or (iii) ceased employment due to
Retirement, Death or Disability since the last Allocation Date.

Notwithstanding the above, such contributions shall be made only from
the Employer\'s current or retained earnings or profits and shall be
limited to the amount deductible by the Employer under \[CODE SECTION\].
Such contributions shall be transmitted to the Trustee as soon as
practicable after such contributions are made.

1.  **Member Voluntary Contributions:**

When he becomes a Member hereunder and as of the beginning of each Plan
Year thereafter, a Member may, through payroll deduction, elect to make
voluntary contributions hereunder (on an after-tax basis) in a whole
amount or a whole percentage of his Compensation.

An election to make such contributions shall be made on such forms and
at such times as the Committee may prescribe and shall be effective on a
Plan Year basis, provided that changes, suspensions or discontinuance of
contributions may be made by the Member during a Plan Year only if
permitted by the Committee.

A Member\'s contributions shall be transmitted to the Trustee of the
Trust Fund by the Employer as soon as reasonably practicable, but no
later than \[NUMBER\] days after the date on which the contribution was
made.

A Member may withdraw all or any part of his Employee Contribution
Account by filing a written application on a form to be prescribed by
the Committee, with at least \[NUMBER\] days\' advance notice, no more
than once in any Plan Year.

The employee contributions permissible under this Section shall be
subject to the nondiscrimination tests set forth in \[CODE SECTION\].
The provisions of \[CODE SECTION\] and the regulations, there under, are
hereby incorporated by reference.

1.  **No Contributions by Members:**

Members are not required or permitted to make any contributions under
this Plan.

1.  **INDIVIDUAL ACCOUNTS AND ALLOCATIONS**

    1.  **Establishment of Individual Accounts:**

The Committee shall create and maintain adequate records to reflect at
all times the interest in the Trust Fund of each Member. Such records
shall be in the form of separate Individual Accounts for each Member who
has an interest in the Trust Fund, such accounts to be referred to as
follows:

a.  *Employer Contribution Account:* The account representing
    contributions made by the Employer under Section 3.1 hereof and
    gains or losses allocable thereto.

b.  *Employee Contribution Account:* The account representing
    contributions made by Members under Section 3.2 hereof and gains or
    losses allocable thereto.

Credits and charges shall be made to such accounts in the manner herein
described. The Individual Accounts are primarily for accounting
purposes, and a segregation of the assets of the Trust Fund to each
account by the Trustee shall not be required. Distributions and
withdrawals made from an account shall be charged to the account as of
the date when paid.

1.  **Allocation of Employer Contributions: **

Each contribution for Members eligible under Section 3.1 hereof shall be
allocated among eligible Members\' Employer Contribution Accounts as of
the Allocation Date which falls on the last day of the Plan Year for
which such contribution is made hereunder. Allocations to any Member
shall be made on the basis of Compensation received during the Plan Year
while he was a Member hereunder. Such allocations shall be made to each
such Member in the ratio that such Compensation for the Plan Year bears
to the total of all such Compensation of all Members for the Plan Year.

1.  **Allocation of Gains and Losses:**

Gains or losses of the Trust Fund shall be allocated as of each
Valuation Date as follows:

a.  The Committee shall, before taking into account the contributions
    and the forfeitures for the period since the last preceding
    Valuation Date, determine the then market value of the Fund and the
    net gain or loss of the Fund from the preceding valuation, including
    expenses of administration and charges against such Fund.

b.  The Committee shall determine the total aggregate value of all
    Individual Accounts as shown in its records for the preceding
    Valuation Date. The balance of any such Individual Account shall be
    reduced by any amounts paid there from since the last Valuation
    Date. The balance shall be the value used in (c) below.

c.  The Committee shall then adjust the value of each Individual Account
    by crediting each such Individual Account with its proportion of the
    net gain if there is a gain or charging it with its proportion of
    the net loss if there is a loss; the proportion to be so credited or
    charged to each Individual Account shall be calculated by
    multiplying such gain or loss by a fraction, the numerator of which
    is the then value of said Individual Account and the denominator of
    which is the then aggregate value of all Individual Accounts within
    the Trust Fund.

    1.  **Allocation of Forfeitures:**

Forfeitures shall be allocated as of the Allocation Date falling on the
last day of the Plan Year. Any forfeiture shall be allocated as of the
first such Allocation Date which occurs after such forfeiture is
available, in accordance with Section 8.3 hereof, for allocation. In
order to be entitled to receive an allocation of a forfeiture to be
allocated at the end of any Plan Year a Member must (i) be employed by
the Employer on such Allocation Date, and (ii) have completed \[NUMBER\]
Hours of Service during such Plan Year, or (iii) have ceased employment
due to Retirement, Death or Disability since the last Allocation Date.

The allocation to each such Member shall be in the ratio that such
Member\'s Compensation received during such Plan Year while he was a
Member hereunder bears to the total of all such Compensation of all
Members for such Plan Year; provided, however, if forfeitures available
for allocation would cause the limitation (\[CODE SECTION\]) described
in Section 10.1 hereof to be exceeded, then the amount by which such
forfeitures exceed the limitation shall be credited to and held
unallocated in a suspense account until the next succeeding Allocation
Date when such amounts can be allocated without exceeding such
limitation.

1.  **Notification to Members:**

At least once annually the Committee shall advise each Member for whom
an Individual Account is held hereunder of the then value of such
account.

1.  **RETIREMENT**

    1.  **Benefit:**

Upon his Normal Retirement Date, a Member shall have a fully vested and
non-forfeitable interest in his Individual Accounts hereunder.
Distribution will be made upon his Retirement. The amount of his
Individual Accounts shall be the balance as of the Valuation Date
concurrent with or next preceding the date of his Retirement, plus any
contributions allocated to his Individual Accounts since such Valuation
Date, except that, if a retired Member who retired other than on a
Valuation Date so elects, his balance shall be determined as of the
Valuation Date next following the date of his Retirement, including
allocation of any contribution then being allocated hereunder, as if he
met any applicable employment and service requirements for such
contribution. Payment shall be made at the time and in the manner
provided in Article IX hereof, subject, however, to the distribution
provisions of the following paragraph.

Notwithstanding the above, if, at any time during the Plan Year ending
in the calendar year a Member attains age \[AGE\], then in no event
shall distribution of his Individual Accounts be delayed beyond April
1st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such
Member attains age \[AGE\] regardless of whether he had actually
retired, provided, however, that such restriction shall only apply to
\[%\] owners.

1.  **DEATH**

    1.  **Designation of Beneficiary:**

Each Member and former Member may, from time to time, designate
\[NUMBER\] or more primary Beneficiaries and contingent Beneficiaries to
receive benefits payable hereunder in the event of the death of such
Member or former Member. If a married Employee wishes to designate
someone other than his spouse to be a primary Beneficiary, such
designation will not become effective unless his spouse (if his spouse
can be located) consents in writing to such designation, acknowledges
the effect of such designation and has such consent and acknowledgment
witnessed by the Plan representative or a notary public. A spouse\'s
consent shall be valid under this Plan only with respect to the
specified Beneficiary or Beneficiaries designated by the Participant. If
the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries are subsequently changed by the Member,
a new consent by the spouse will be required. Such designation shall be
made in writing upon a form provided by the Committee and shall be filed
with the Committee. The last such designation filed with the Committee
shall control.

1.  **Benefit:**

Upon the death of an Employee who is a Member, his designated
Beneficiary, or Beneficiaries, shall be fully vested with respect to the
balance of his Individual Accounts as of the Valuation Date concurrent
with or next preceding the date of his death, plus any contributions
allocated to the Member\'s Individual Accounts since such Valuation
Date, except that, if the Beneficiary of a Member who died other than on
a Valuation Date so elects, such balance shall be determined as of the
Valuation Date next following the date of death, including allocation of
any contribution then being allocated hereunder as if the Member had met
any applicable employment and service requirements for such
contribution. Payment shall be made at the time and in the manner
provided in Article IX hereof.

1.  **No Beneficiary:**

If a Member or former Member dies without a Beneficiary surviving him,
or if all his Beneficiaries die before receiving the payment to which
they are entitled, then the amount, if any, remaining in each Member\'s
Individual Account shall be paid to the following, with priority as
follows:

a.  the Member\'s surviving spouse;

b.  the Member\'s children and children of deceased children, per
    strips;

c.  the Member\'s parents;

d.  the Member\'s brothers and sisters, or if deceased, the children of
    such brothers and sisters, per strips;

e.  the Member\'s estate.

A certified copy of a death certificate shall be sufficient evidence of
death and the Committee shall be fully protected in relying thereon. The
Committee may accept other evidence of death at its own discretion.

1.  **DISABILITY**

    1.  **Benefit:**

In the event of the Disability of a Member, he shall be fully vested
with respect to the balance of his Individual Accounts as of the
Valuation Date concurrent with or next preceding the date of his
Disability, plus any contributions allocated to his Individual Accounts
since such Valuation Date, except that, if a Member whose date of
Disability is other than on a Valuation Date so elects, such balance
shall be determined as of the Valuation Date next following the date of
Disability, including allocation of any contribution then being
allocated hereunder, as if he met any applicable employment and service
requirements for such contribution. Payments shall be made at the time
and in the manner provided in Article IX hereof.

1.  **TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT, AND FORFEITURES**

    1.  **Eligibility:**

If a Member\'s employment with all Affiliated Employers shall terminate
for any reason other than his Retirement under Article V, death under
Article VI, or Disability under Article VII, such Member shall be
entitled to such benefits as are hereinafter provided by Section 8.2.

1.  **Benefit:**

A Member to whom the provisions of Section 8.1 are applicable shall be
entitled to:

a.  The balance in the Member\'s Employee Contribution Account, as of
    the Valuation Date concurrent with or next preceding the date of
    termination, plus any contributions allocated to any such accounts
    since such Valuation Date.

b.  The \"vested percentage\" of his Employer Contribution Account. Such
    amount shall be equal to a percentage of the balance in such
    Individual Account as of the Valuation Date concurrent with or next
    preceding the date of such termination. The percentage to which he
    shall be so vested and entitled shall be determined in accordance
    with the following schedule:

*Completed Years of Service Vested Percentage*

Less than 3 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

3 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
\[%\]

4 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
\[%\]

5 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
\[%\]

6 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
\[%\]

7 years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

If, before he was fully vested, a Member has previously received any
amount from his Employer Contribution Account due to a prior termination
of employment, but received restoration of an otherwise forfeitable
amount due to his resumption of employment within the time period
specified in Section 8.2 hereof, then his vested Employer Contribution
Account shall, upon any subsequent termination of employment under this
Article, be equal to the sum of (1) and (2), multiplied by (3), minus
(1), where said (1), (2) and (3) are determined as follows:

1\) The sum of all such amounts previously received from such Individual
Account.

2\) The balance of such Individual Account as of the date of his latest
termination of employment.

3\) The vested percentage applicable to the Member in accordance with
the above schedule as of the date of his latest termination of
employment.

1.  **Forfeitures:**

A Member to whom this Article is applicable shall forfeit that portion
of the amount in his Employer Contribution Account to which he is not
entitled under Section 8.2 hereof and the amount thus forfeited shall
remain in the Trust Fund and shall, as of the Allocation Date following
the Member\'s termination of employment, be released for reallocation
hereunder. If such former Member resumes Covered Employment before
having a \[NUMBER\] year Break in Service and makes the repayment
described in the following paragraph, a special contribution, equal to
the forfeited amount, will be made to restore such forfeited amount to
his Employer Contribution Account. Such special contribution shall, to
the extent possible, be made from any other Members\' forfeitures then
available for allocation hereunder and, to the extent such other
forfeitures are not sufficient, such special contribution shall be made
by the Employer.

In order to receive the restoration described in the above paragraph,
the Member must, within \[NUMBER\] years of his reentry into Covered
Employment, repay to this Plan the amount of any distribution he
received here from on account of such Break in Service, except for the
amount of such distribution attributable to voluntary Employee
contributions.

1.  **Early Retirement:**

A Member may commence \"early retirement\" on or after age \[AGE\]
provided he has completed \[INSERT MAXIMUM YEARS NECESSARY TO VEST \[%\]
IN BENEFITS\] years of service with the Employer.

1.  **DISTRIBUTION NOTICES AND METHODS OF PAYMENT**

    1.  **Notice to Trustee:**

As soon as practicable after a Member becomes entitled to a distribution
hereunder the Committee shall give written notice to the Trustee, which
notice shall include such of the following information and directions as
are necessary or advisable under the circumstances:

a.  Name and address of the Member.

b.  Reason for the distribution.

c.  Name and address of the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries in case of a
    Member\'s death.

d.  Time, manner and amount of payments to be made pursuant to Section
    9.3 hereof.

    1.  **Subsequent Notices:**

At any time after giving the notice as provided for in Section 9.1
hereof, the Committee may modify such original notice or any subsequent
notice, by means of a further written notice to the Trustee, but any
action taken or payments made by the Trustee pursuant to a prior notice
shall not be affected by a subsequent notice.

1.  **Time and Methods of Payment:**

Payments of a benefit shall commence as soon as practicable after such
benefit becomes distributable hereunder, subject to the following:

a.  In no event (unless requested by the payee) shall payments commence
    later than as of a date \[NUMBER\] days after the close of the Plan
    Year in which a Member\'s employment with all Affiliated Employers
    terminates (for whatever reason) or, if later, in which the Member
    attains his Normal Retirement Date.

b.  A former Employee may elect to delay his distribution; however, in
    no event shall his distribution be delayed beyond \[DATE\] of the
    calendar year following the calendar year in which such former
    Employee attains age \[AGE\].

When benefits become payable, the Member shall direct that such benefits
shall be paid in one (1) of the following ways, or a combination
thereof:

i.  Lump sum, payable in cash, or in kind.

ii. Substantially level periodic installments, with any balance, upon
    the Member\'s death, payable to his Beneficiary.

In the event distribution is delayed or in the event distribution is in
installments, the allocation of gains or losses described in Section 4.3
hereof shall continue to be applicable to the Individual Accounts until
fully distributed (unless the payee elects to have the Trustee deposit
the payee\'s Individual Account balances in a federally insured savings
account in a bank or savings and loan association, in the Trustee\'s
name, in which case, such balances shall, until completely paid, receive
such earnings as shall be earned by said savings account).

1.  **Limitations on Payment:**

All benefits payable under Section 9.3 hereof shall be made over a
period no longer than the life expectancy of the Member or the joint
life and last survivor expectancy of the Member and his Beneficiary.

1.  **Minority or Disability Payments:**

During the minority or incompetency of any person entitled to received
benefits hereunder, the Committee may direct the Trustee to make
payments or distributions to the guardian of such person, or other
persons as may be directed by the Committee. Neither the Committee nor
the Trustee shall be required to see to the application of any payments
so made, and the receipt of the payee (including the endorsement of a
check or checks) shall be conclusive as to all interested parties.

1.  **SPECIAL GOVERNMENTAL REQUIREMENTS**

    1.  **Limit on Annual Additions:**

Contributions hereunder shall be subject to the limitations of \[CODE
SECTION\], as provided in this Section.

a.  *Definitions:* For purposes of this Section the following
    definitions shall apply:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  *\"Annual Addition\"* shall mean the sum of the following additions
    to a Member\'s Individual Account for the Limitation Year:

    i.  Employer contributions;

    ii. Employee after-tax contributions; and

    iii. Forfeitures, if any.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  *\"Earnings\"* for an Limitation Year shall be the Employee\'s
    earned income, wages, salaries, and fees for professional services,
    and other amounts received for personal services actually rendered
    in the course of employment with the Employer (including, but not
    limited to, commissions paid salesmen, compensation for services on
    the basis of a percentage of profits, commissions on insurance
    premiums, tips and bonuses), provided such amounts are actually paid
    or includible in gross income during such year. Earnings shall
    exclude the following:

    i.  Employer contributions to a plan of deferred compensation which
        are not included in the Employee\'s gross income for the taxable
        year in which contributed or Employer contributions under a
        simplified employee pension plan to the extent such
        contributions are deductible by the Employee or any
        distributions from a plan of deferred compensation;

    ii. Amounts realized from the exercise of a nonqualified stock
        option, or when restricted stock (or property) held by the
        Employee either becomes freely transferable or is no longer
        subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture;

    iii. Amounts realized from the sale, exchange or other disposition
         of stock acquired under a qualified stock option; and

    iv. Other amounts which received special tax benefits, or
        contributions made by the Employer (whether or not under a
        salary reduction agreement) towards the purchase of an annuity
        described in \[CODE SECTION\] (whether or not the amounts are
        actually excludable from the gross income of the Employee).

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  *Defined Contribution Plan(s) Only:* The Annual Addition to a
    Member\'s Individual Account hereunder (together with the Annual
    Additions to the Member\'s account(s) under any other defined
    contribution plan(s) maintained by an Affiliated Employer) for any
    Limitation Year may not exceed the lesser of:

    1.  \[AMOUNT\], and for each year thereafter the amount prescribed
        by the Secretary of the Treasury, to take into account any
        cost-of-living adjustment under \[CODE SECTION\]; or

    2.  \[%\] of the Member\'s Earnings for the Limitation Year.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Defined Contribution and Defined Benefit Plans: If, in any
    Limitation Year, a Member also participates in one (1) or more
    defined benefit plans maintained by any Affiliated Employer (whether
    or not terminated), then for such Limitation Year, the sum of the
    Defined Benefit Plan Fraction (as defined below) for such Limitation
    Year and Defined Contribution Plan Fraction (as defined below) for
    such Limitation Year shall not exceed one (1.0).

The Defined Benefit Fraction for any Limitation Year shall mean a
fraction (a) the numerator of which is the projected annual benefit of
the member under the defined benefit plan(s) (determined as of the close
of the Limitation Year), and (b) the denominator of which is the lesser
of \[%\] of the limitation under \[CODE SECTION\] or \[%\] of the
percentage limitation under \[CODE SECTION\] for the year of
determination (taking into account the effect of \[CODE SECTION\].

The Defined Contribution Fraction for any Limitation Year shall mean a
fraction (a) the numerator of which is the sum of the Annual Additions
to the member\'s accounts under all defined contribution plans
maintained by an Affiliated Employer as of the close of the Limitation
Year (subject to reduction to the extent permitted under the transition
rule in \[CODE SECTION\], and (b) the denominator of which is the sum of
the lesser of \[%\] of the limitation under \[CODE SECTION\] or \[%\] of
the percentage limitation under \[CODE SECTION\], for such Limitation
Year and for all prior Limitation Years during which the Employee was
employed by an Affiliated Employer (provided, however, at the election
of the Committee, the denominator shall be increased by using for
Limitation Years ending prior to \[DATE\], an amount equal to the
denominator in effect for the Limitation Year ending in \[YEAR\],
multiplied by the transition fraction provided in \[CODE SECTION\].

If, in any Limitation Year, the sum of the Defined Benefit Plan Fraction
and Defined Contribution Plan Fraction for a Member would exceed one
(1.0) without adjustment of the amount of Annual Additions that can be
allocated to such Member under paragraph (b) of this Section, then the
amount of maximum annual benefit that can be paid to such Member under
any defined benefit plan(s) maintained by an Affiliated Employer, shall
be reduced to the extent necessary to reduce the sum of the Defined
Benefit Plan Fraction and Defined Contribution Plan Fraction for such
Member to one (1.0), or the Committee may take such other action as will
cause the sum to equal one (1.0) or less.

1.  **Top-Heavy Restrictions:**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  *Determination of Top-Heaviness: *Subject to (b) of this Section,
    this Plan will be considered to be top-heavy in any Plan Year if the
    aggregate value of the account balances of key Employees hereunder
    is greater than \[%\] of the aggregate value of all account balances
    hereunder. For purposes of determining whether such top-heaviness
    exists in any such Plan Year the following provisions shall be
    applicable:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  A key Employee is an individual (whether or not deceased) who, at
    any time during the \[NUMBER\] Plan Years immediately preceding the
    current Plan Year, was:

    i.  an officer of the Employer of Affiliated Employer having an
        annual Compensation from the Employer and/or Affiliated Employer
        greater than \[%\] of the defined contribution plan limitation
        in effect under \[CODE SECTION\] for any such Plan Year (except
        that no more than \[NUMBER\] Employees or, if less, the greater
        of \[NUMBER\] and \[%\] of the Employees, shall be treated as
        officers), or

    ii. one of the \[NUMBER\] Employees having an annual Compensation
        from the Employer and/or Affiliated Employer greater than the
        defined contribution plan limitation in effect under \[CODE
        SECTION\]and owning (or considering as owning under \[CODE
        SECTION\] the largest interests in the Employer, or

    iii. a \[%\] owner of the Employer (taking into account ownership he
         would be considered to have under \[CODE SECTION\], or

    iv. a \[%\] owner of the Employer (taking into account ownership he
        would be considered to have under \[CODE SECTION\] having annual
        Compensation from the Employer and/or an Affiliated Employer
        during any calendar year of more than \[NUMBER\].

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  For purposes of this Section, if a former Employee has not received
    any Compensation from the Employer at any time during the \[NUMBER\]
    Plan Years immediately preceding the current Plan Year, any account
    balance remaining hereunder for such former Employee shall not be
    taken into account. Also, any account balance attributable to
    deductible employee contributions or attributable to a rollover
    initiated by an Employee from the plan of an employer that is not an
    Affiliated Employer shall not be taken into account under this
    Section.

2.  The value of any account balance shall be determined as of the most
    recent Valuation Date within the preceding Plan Year, except that in
    the first Plan Year hereunder such account balance shall be
    determined as of the most recent Valuation Date within such first
    Plan Year. Such value shall include any contributions allocable as
    of such date.

3.  The value of any account balance shall be increased to include any
    payment thereof made hereunder prior to the Valuation Date as of
    which such value is being determined, provided any such payment was
    made within the \[NUMBER\] Plan Years immediately preceding the
    current Plan Year. If an account balance has been fully paid out
    prior to such Valuation Date, but within the \[NUMBER\] Plan Years
    immediately preceding the current Plan Year, the amount thereof
    shall be taken into account, except that such amount shall not be
    taken into account hereunder if the paid out amount was either (i)
    rolled over or transferred to another plan of the Employer or
    Affiliated Employer or (ii) rolled over or transferred to any other
    plan but not at the direction of the Employee who had accrued such
    account.

4.  If an Employee or former Employee for whom an account balance was
    maintained hereunder died prior to such Valuation Date, the value,
    if any, taken into account hereunder with respect to such individual
    shall include the sum of any payments made to him prior to such
    Valuation Date and within the \[NUMBER\] Plan Years immediately
    preceding the current Plan Year, together with the amount, as of
    such Valuation Date, of any remaining account balance payable
    hereunder to the Beneficiary of such individual plus the sum of any
    payments made to such Beneficiary hereunder prior to such Valuation
    Date and within the \[NUMBER\] Plan Years immediately preceding the
    current Plan Year.

5.  If an Employee or former Employee (whether or not deceased) with
    respect to whom an account balance would be taken into account, as
    described above, was previously a key Employee, but as of the last
    day of the immediately preceding Plan Year was no longer a key
    Employee, then no account balance or payments thereof with respect
    to him or his Beneficiary shall be taken into account in making the
    top heavy determinations described in this Section.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  *Aggregation with Other Plans:* The aggregation of this Plan with
    other plans for purposes of determining top heavy status shall be in
    accordance with the following:

    1.  *Required Aggregation:* If a key employee under this Plan also
        participates in another plan of the Employer or Affiliated
        Employer which is qualified under \[CODE SECTION\] or which is a
        simplified employee pension plan under \[CODE SECTION\], or if
        this Plan and another plan must be aggregated so that either
        this Plan or the other plan will meet the antidiscrimination and
        coverage requirements of \[CODE SECTION\], then this Plan and
        any such other plan will be aggregated for purposes of
        determining top heaviness. This Plan will automatically be
        deemed top heavy if such required aggregation of plans is top
        heavy as a group and will automatically be deemed not top heavy
        if such required aggregate of plans is not top heavy as a group.

    2.  *Permissive Aggregation:* Any other plan of the Employer or
        Affiliated Employer which is qualified under \[CODE SECTION\] or
        which is a simplified employee pension plan under \[CODE
        SECTION\], and which is not in the required aggregation
        referenced in (1) above, may be aggregated with this Plan (and
        with any other plan(s) in the required aggregation group in (1)
        above) for purposes of determining top heaviness if such
        aggregation would continue to meet the antidiscrimination and
        coverage requirements of \[CODE SECTION\]. This Plan will
        automatically be deemed not top heavy if such permissive
        aggregation of plans is not top heavy as a group.

    3.  *Determining Aggregate Top Heavy Status:* The top heavy status
        of the plans as a group is determined by aggregating the plans\'
        respective top heavy determinations that are made as of
        determination dates that fall within the same calendar year.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  *Effects of Top Heaviness:* If this Plan becomes top heavy, the
    following special provisions shall apply except (i) in the case of
    an Employee hereunder who is also covered by another top heavy
    qualified defined contribution plan of an Affiliated Employer, the
    top heavy minimum allocation in (2) below shall not apply if the top
    heavy minimum allocation under such other plan is applied to such
    Employee there under, and (ii) in the case of an Employee hereunder
    who is also covered by a top heavy qualified defined benefit plan of
    an Affiliated Employer, the top heavy minimum allocation in (2)
    below shall not apply if the top heavy minimum benefit under such
    other plan is applied to such Employee there under, but if such top
    heavy minimum benefit is not applied to such Employee, then the top
    heavy minimum allocation in (2) below shall be applied except that
    the percentage shall be \[%\].

    1.  *Minimum Vesting:* If any Employee is covered under this Plan
        during any Plan Year when the Plan is top heavy, he shall, upon
        his termination of employment, have his vested percentage
        determined to be the greater of (i) and (ii) below, but subject
        to (iii) below:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  The vested percentage applicable to the Employee under the regular
    vesting provision of this Plan, as hereinbefore set forth, as of the
    date of his termination of employment, and

ii. The vested percentage applicable to the Employee under the following
    schedule as of the date of his termination of employment:

*Employee\'s Years of Employee\'s*

*Vesting Service *V*ested Percentage*

Less than 2 . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

5 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

6 or more . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . \[%\]

i.  In the event the Employee\'s employment is terminated when the Plan
    is no longer top heavy, his vested percentage shall be determined in
    accordance with the regular vesting provisions of this Plan, as
    hereinbefore set forth, except that in no event will his vested
    benefit be less than his vested benefit determined as if his
    employment had terminated as of the date when the Plan was last top
    heavy, and the application of the greater of (i) and (ii) as
    described above shall be made if the Employee had at least
    \[NUMBER\] years of Vesting Service when the Plan was last top
    heavy.

    1.  *Minimum Allocation:* If any Employee is covered under this Plan
        during any Plan Year when the Plan is top heavy, he shall,
        during such Plan Year, receive an allocated Employer
        contribution (subject to the vesting requirements of this Plan)
        at least equal to a percentage of his considered Compensation
        (defined below) for such Plan Year, which percentage shall be
        the lesser of:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
i.  \[%\], and

ii. the actual percentage that the allocation, received for such Plan
    Year by the key Employee receiving the largest such allocation
    represented as a percentage of such key Employee\'s considered
    compensation (defined below).

An Employee\'s considered Compensation is the amount of Compensation he
received from the Employer of such Plan Year not in excess of
\[AMOUNT\].

1.  *Limit on Compensation:* If this Plan is top heavy at any time
    during a year when an Employee received Compensation that is to be
    taken into account for purposes of computing his allocation
    hereunder, such amount of Compensation actually taken into account
    hereunder for such year shall not exceed \[AMOUNT\], subject to
    cost-of-living adjustments in accordance with \[CODE SECTION\].

2.  *Adjustments to \[CODE SECTION\] Limits:* If this Plan is top heavy
    during any Plan Year, the combined plan limitations of \[CODE
    SECTION\], as described in Section 10.1 hereof, shall be applied for
    such Plan Year by substituting \"One Hundred Percent (100%)\" for
    \"One Hundred Twenty-Five Percent (125%)\" wherever the latter term
    appears in said Section 10.1 hereof.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ADMINISTRATION**

    1.  **Appointment of Committee:**

Responsibility for administration of this Plan shall be with the
Employer, which shall be the Plan Administrator hereunder. The Employer,
as Plan Administrator, shall appoint a Committee consisting of at least
\[NUMBER\] persons who shall assist the Plan Administrator in the
administration of this Plan. All action taken by the Committee shall be
deemed actions taken by the Plan Administrator and the Plan
Administrator shall, alone, have fiduciary responsibility in connection
with such actions, except with respect to willful misconduct or gross
negligence. All usual and reasonable expenses of the Committee may be
paid in whole or in part by the Plan Administrator, and any expenses not
paid by the Plan Administrator shall be paid by the Trustee out of the
principal or income of the Trust. The members of the Committee shall not
receive compensation with respect to their services for the Committee.
The members of the Committee shall serve without bond or security for
the performance of their duties hereunder unless the applicable law
makes the furnishing of such bond or security mandatory or unless
required by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator may pay the
premiums on any bond secured under this Section including the purchase
of fiduciary liability insurance for any person who becomes a fiduciary
under this Plan.

1.  **Committee Powers and Duties:**

The Committee shall have such powers as may be necessary to discharge
its duties hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the
following powers and duties:

a.  to construe and interpret the Plan, decide all questions of
    eligibility and determine the amount, manner and time of payment of
    any benefits hereunder;

b.  to prescribe rules for the operation of the Plan;

c.  to receive from the Employer and from Employees such information as
    shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan;

d.  to employ an independent qualified public accountant to examine the
    books, records, and any financial statements and schedules which are
    required to be included in the annual report;

e.  to file with the appropriate government agency (or agencies) the
    annual report, plan description, summary plan description, and other
    pertinent documents which may be duly requested;

f.  to file such terminal and supplementary reports as may be necessary
    in the event of the termination of the Plan;

g.  to furnish each Employee and each beneficiary receiving benefits
    hereunder a summary plan description explaining the Plan;

h.  to furnish any Employee or beneficiary, who requests in writing,
    statements indicating such Employee\'s or beneficiary\'s total
    account balances and non-forfeitable benefits, if any;

i.  to furnish to an Employee a statement containing information
    contained in a registration statement required by \[SECTION\] of
    \[CODE\] prior to the time prescribed by law to file such
    registration if such statement contains information regarding the
    Employee;

j.  to maintain all records necessary for verification of information
    required to be filed with the appropriate government agency (or
    agencies);

k.  to report to the Trustee all available information regarding the
    amount of benefits payable to each Employee, the computations with
    respect to the allocation of assets, and any other information which
    the Trustee may require in order to terminate the Plan;

l.  to delegate to one or more of the members of the Committee the right
    to act in its behalf in all matters connected with the
    administration of the Plan and Trust;

m.  to delegate to any individual(s) such of the above powers and duties
    as the Committee deems appropriate; and

n.  to appoint or employ for the Plan any agents it deems advisable,
    including, but not limited to, legal counsel.

The Committee shall have no power to add to, subtract from or modify any
of the terms of the Plan, nor to change or add to any benefits provided
by the Plan, nor to waive or fail to apply any requirements of
eligibility for benefits under the Plan. All rules and decisions of the
Committee shall be uniformly and consistently applied to all Employees
in similar circumstances.

A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. No action shall be taken except upon a
majority vote of the Committee members. An individual shall not vote or
decide upon any matter relating solely to himself or vote in any case in
which his individual right or claim to any benefit under the Plan is
particularly involved. If, in any case in which a Committee member is so
disqualified to act, and the remaining members cannot agree, the
Employer will appoint a temporary substitute member to exercise all the
powers of the disqualified member concerning the matter in which he is
disqualified.

1.  **Claims Procedure:**

The Committee may prescribe procedures for obtaining benefits and is
required to provide a notice in writing to any person whose claim for
benefits under this Plan has been denied, setting forth (1) the specific
reasons for such denial, (2) the specific reference to pertinent Plan
provisions on which the denial is based, (3) a description of any
additional material or information necessary to the claimant to perfect
the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is
necessary, and (4) an explanation of the Plan\'s claim review procedure
as described below, including the name and address of the party to whom
an appeal should be sent.

A claimant has the right to appeal a denial of claim by written
application to the Committee within \[NUMBER\] days of notice of denial
or, if no such notice has been given, at the end of the expiration of a
reasonable period of time after the claim was filed. The claimant, or a
duly authorized representative, may review pertinent documents and may
submit issues and comments in writing to the Committee.

After the Committee reviews the claims appeal, a final decision shall be
made and communicated to the claimant within \[NUMBER\] days of receipt
of the appeal by the Committee, unless special circumstances require an
extension. Such extension cannot extend beyond \[NUMBER\] days after
receipt of the appeal by the Committee. The communication shall be set
forth in writing in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant
and shall identify the reasons for the denial and shall reference any
pertinent Plan provisions upon which the denial is based.

1.  **Committee Procedures:**

The Committee shall adopt such bylaws as it deems desirable. The
Committee shall elect one of its members as chairman and shall elect a
secretary who may, but need not, be a member of the Committee. The
Committee shall advise the Trustee of such elections in writing. The
Secretary of the Committee shall keep a record of all meetings and
forward all necessary communications to the Trustee.

1.  **Authorization of Benefit Payments:**

The Committee shall issue directions to the Trustee concerning all
benefits which are to be paid from the Trust Fund pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan. The Committee shall keep on file, in such
manner, as it may deem convenient or proper, all reports from the
Trustee.

1.  **Payment of Expenses:**

All expenses incident to the administration, termination or protection
of the Plan and Trust, including but not limited to, actuarial, legal,
accounting, and Trustee\'s fees, shall be paid by the Employer, or if
not paid by the Employer, shall be paid by the Trustee from the Trust
Fund and, until paid, shall constitute a first and prior claim and lien
against the Trust Fund.

1.  **Unclaimed Benefits:**

During the time when a benefit hereunder is payable to any distributee,
the Committee, upon request by the Trustee, or at its own instance,
shall mail by registered or certified mail to such distributee, at his
last known address, a written demand for his then address, or for
satisfactory evidence of his continued life, or both. If such
information is not furnished to the Committee within three (3) months
from the mailing of such demand, then the Committee may, in its sole
discretion, determine that such distributee is deceased and may declare
such benefit, or any unpaid portion thereof, suspended as it the death
of the distributee (with no surviving beneficiary) had occurred on the
date of the last payment made thereon or the date such distributee first
became entitled to receive benefit payments, whichever is later. Failure
to furnish such information shall not result in the forfeiture of any
non-forfeitable benefits and any such declaration by the Committee shall
later be revoked upon a receipt of the requested information by the
Committee. All such unclaimed benefits shall be and remain assets of the
Trust and in no event shall they escheat to any governmental unit under
any escheat law.

1.  **TRUST FUND**

    1.  **Establishment of Trust Fund:**

A Trust Fund shall be established for the purpose of receiving
contributions, and paying benefits, under this Plan. A Trustee (or
Trustees) shall be appointed under the terms of a trust agreement to
administer the Trust Fund in accordance with the terms of such trust
agreement.

1.  **Payment of Contributions to Trust Fund:**

All contributions under this Plan shall be paid to the Trustee and shall
be held, invested and reinvested by the Trustee in accordance with the
terms of the Trust agreement. All property and funds of the Trust Fund,
including income from investments and from all other sources, shall be
retained for the exclusive benefit of Employees, as provided in the
Plan, and shall be used to pay benefits to Employees or their
beneficiaries, or to pay expenses of administration of the Plan and
Trust Fund, except as provided in Section 15.4 hereof.

1.  **AMENDMENTS**

    1.  **Right to Amend:**

The Employer reserves the right to make from time to time any amendment
or amendments to this Plan which do not permit reversion of any part of
the Trust Fund to the Employer except as provided in Section 15.4 hereof
and which do not cause any part of the Trust Fund to be used for, or
diverted to, any purpose other than the exclusive benefit of Employees
included in this Plan.

1.  **WITHDRAWAL AND TERMINATION**

    1.  **Transfers of Plan Assets and Plan Mergers:**

The Plan and Trust shall not be merged or consolidated with, nor shall
any Plan assets or liabilities be transferred to, any other plan, unless
either (i) each Participant in the Plan (if the Plan had then
terminated) receives a benefit immediately after such merger,
consolidation, or transfer, which is equal to or greater than the
benefit he would have been entitled to receive immediately before such
merger, consolidation, or transfer (if the Plan had then terminated) or
(ii) the conditions in (i) are deemed to be met due to compliance with
the procedures set forth in \[SECTION\] of \[CODE\] regarding plan
mergers and transfers.

1.  **Plan Termination:**

The Employer may at any time, by adoption of a resolution, terminate
this Plan. This Plan shall automatically terminate if the Employer
ceases to exist and no successor continues the Plan.

A partial termination of this Plan will occur if required under the
qualification requirements of \[SECTION OF CODE\].

1.  **Suspension and Discontinuance of Contributions and Plan
    Termination:**

If the Employer decides it is impossible or inadvisable to continue to
make its contributions hereunder, it shall have the power to:

a.  suspend contributions to the Plan; or

    a.  discontinue contributions to the Plan; or

    b.  terminate the Plan as to its Employees.

Suspension shall be temporary cessation of contributions and such a
suspension which has not ripened into a complete and permanent
discontinuance shall not require any vesting of Individual Accounts.

A discontinuance of contributions, unless considered complete and
permanent, shall also not require any vesting of Individual Accounts. In
such event, Employees who become eligible to enter the Plan subsequent
to the discontinuance shall receive no benefit, and no additional
benefits attributable to Employer contributions shall accrue to any of
the Members unless contributions are resumed. After the date of
discontinuance of contributions, the Trust shall remain in existence as
provided in this Section, and the provisions of the Plan and Trust shall
remain in force as may be necessary in the sole opinion of the
Committee. A certified copy of such decision or resolution shall be
delivered to the Trustee, and as soon as possible thereafter, the
Trustee shall send or deliver to each Member or Beneficiary concerned a
copy thereof.

Upon termination, partial termination, or complete discontinuance of
contributions to the Plan, the Individual Accounts of each affected
Member not theretofore fully vested shall be and become fully vested and
non-forfeitable in each such Member.

1.  **Liquidation of Trust Fund:**

Upon termination, or partial termination, of the Plan, the proportionate
interests of the affected Members and their Beneficiaries shall be
liquidated after provision is made for the expenses of administration,
termination and liquidation. Thereafter, the Trustee shall distribute as
soon as administratively feasible the amount to the credit of each such
Member and Beneficiary as the Committee shall direct.

**15. GENERAL PROVISIONS**

1.  **Non-guarantee of Employment:**

Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of
employment between the Employer and Employee, or as a right of any
Employee to be continued in the employment of the Employer, or as a
limitation of the right of the Employer to discharge any of its
Employees, with or without cause.

1.  **Manner of Payment:**

Wherever and whenever it is herein provided for payments or
distributions to be made, whether in money or otherwise, said payments
or distributions shall be made directly into the hands of the Member,
his Beneficiary, his administrator, executor or guardian, as the case
may be. Deposit to the credit of a Member in any bank or trust company
selected by the Member or Beneficiary hereunder shall be deemed payment
into his hands, and provided further, that in the event any person
otherwise entitled to receive any payment or distribution shall be a
minor or an incompetent, such payment or distribution may be made to his
guardian or other person as may be determined by the Committee.

1.  **Non-alienation of Benefits:**

Benefits payable under this Plan shall not be subject in any manner to
anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution, or levy of any kind, either
voluntary or involuntary, prior to being received by the person entitled
to the benefit under the terms of the Plan. Any attempt to anticipate,
alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise
dispose of any right to benefits payable hereunder shall be void. The
Trust Fund shall not in any manner be liable for, or subject to, the
debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any person
entitled to benefits hereunder. None of the unpaid Plan benefits or
Trust assets shall be considered an asset of the Member in the event of
his insolvency or bankruptcy.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may approve payment to an
alternate payee based upon any \"qualified domestic relations order\" as
defined in \[SECTION OF CODE\], and such payment shall not be deemed a
prohibited alienation of benefits.

1.  **Amounts Returnable to the Employer:**

In no event shall the Employer receive any amounts from the Trust,
except such amounts, if any, as set forth below:

a.  In the event of a contribution made by the Employer by a mistake of
    fact, such contribution may be returned to such Employer within one
    year after payment thereof.

b.  If the Employer\'s determination letter issued by the District
    Director of Internal Revenue is an initial determination letter as
    to such Employer and is to the effect that the Plan and Trust herein
    set forth or as amended prior to the receipt of such letter do not
    meet the requirements of the \[SECTION\] of \[CODE\] of 1954, such
    Employer shall be entitled at its option to withdraw, within one
    year of the receipt of such letter, all contributions made on and
    after its effective date, in which event the Plan and Trust shall
    then terminate as if the Plan had never been adopted.

c.  Each contribution hereunder is conditioned upon the deductibility of
    such contribution under \[SECTION\] of \[CODE\] and may be returned
    to the Employer within one year if such deduction is disallowed (to
    the extent of the disallowance).

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **Governing Law:**

This Plan and each of its provisions shall be construed and their
validity determined by the application of the laws of the State of
\[name of state\] except to the extent such law is preempted by Federal
statute.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and as conclusive evidence of the adoption of the
foregoing instrument comprising \[name of document\], the Employer has
caused its seal to be affixed hereto and these presents to be duly
executed in its name and behalf this \[DAY\] day of \[MONTH\], \[YEAR\].

COMPANY EMPLOYEE

Authorized Signature Authorized Signature

Print Name and Title Print Name and Title

(SEAL)
