**SIMPLIFIED EMPLOYEE PENSION PLAN**

*The following document is a model simplified employee pension plan. At
the end of a document is a sample salary reduction simplified employee
plan, which is a SEP with a salary reduction feature tacked on. You can
modify this form to meet your specific circumstances. Of course, if you
intend to use this plan, you should make sure that your attorney reviews
it and approves any changes you make.*

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

**Article **

**1. Purpose **

**2. Definitions and Construction**

Definitions

Principal Entities

Determination of Contribution and Other Definitions

Construction

**3. Participation and Notifications**

Participation

Notifications

**4. Contributions**

Contributions by Participants

Excess Contributions

Maximum Employer Contributions

**5. Benefits**

**6. Administration**

Fiduciary Responsibility

Appointment of Committee

Claims Procedure

Records and Reports

Other Committee Powers and Duties

Rules and Decisions

Notifications and Forms

Indemnification of the Committee

**7. Employer Rights**

Non-guarantee of Employment

Action by Employer

Choice of Simplified Employee Pension

Amendments

Successor Employer

Right to Terminate

Appendix A

SEP allowing Salary Reduction

**SIMPLIFIED EMPLOYEE PENSION PLAN**

1.  **PURPOSE**

Effective as of \[DATE PLAN GOES INTO EFFECT\], to enable eligible
employees to establish individual retirement accounts or individual
retirement annuities \[COMPANY NAME\] (the \"Employer\") decided to
adopt the Simplified Employee Pension Plan for Employees of \[COMPANY
NAME\] (the \"Plan\"). The Plan is intended to meet the requirements of
Section \[NUMBER\] of \[CODE\] (the \"Code\") as from time to time
amended.

The provisions of the Plan, as set forth herein, shall only apply to an
eligible employee who is in the active employ of the Employer on or
after \[DATE OF ELIGIBILITY\].

1.  **DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION**

    1.  **Definitions:**

Where the following words and phrases appear in this Plan, they shall
have the respective meanings set forth in this Article, unless the
context clearly indicates to the contrary.

1.  **Principal Entities:**

**2.3 Determination of Contribution and Other Definitions:**

a.  *Participation:* The period or periods during which an Employee
    participates in this Plan as determined in accordance with Section
    3.1.

b.  *Compensation:* The total of all amounts paid to a Participant for a
    given Year by the Employer for personal services and reported as
    wages for purposes of income tax, or substitute, less (1) amounts
    paid while covered by a collective bargaining agreement which does
    not provide for inclusion hereunder, (2) the cost of providing group
    term life insurance in excess of the statutory amount, (3)
    reimbursed moving expenses, (4) any other amount required to be
    reported which is not direct compensation for services performed
    and (5) amounts in excess of \[AMOUNT\].

c.  *Effective Date:* \[THE EFFECTIVE DATE\], the date on which the
    provisions of this Plan became effective.

d.  *Year:* The 12-month period commencing on January 1 and ending on
    December 31.

e.  *Code:* The \[CODE\], as amended from time to time.

    1.  **Construction:**

The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, shall be deemed to
include the feminine gender, unless the context clearly indicates to the
contrary. The words \"hereof,\" \"herein,\" \"hereunder\" and other
similar compounds of the word \"here\" shall mean and refer to the
entire Plan and not to any particular provision, Section or Article.
Article and Section headings are for convenience of reference and not
intended to add to or subtract from the terms of this Plan.

1.  **PARTICIPATION AND NOTIFICATIONS**

    1.  **Participation:**

Except for an Employee who, for the entire Year was covered by a
collective bargaining agreement which does not provide for his inclusion
hereunder, an Employee shall participate in the Plan for any Year in
which he meets the following requirements:

a.  he attains age \[AGE\] or older

b.  he has performed services for the Employer at some time during the
    Year

c.  his Compensation for the Year is \[AMOUNT\] or greater, and

d.  the given Year is preceded by a \[NUMBER\]-year period that includes
    at least three Years in each of which he has performed services for
    the Employer at some time during the Year

    1.  **Notifications:**

The Committee shall notify an Employee in writing when he first becomes
a Participant. Such notification shall include information required to
be furnished by \[AGENCY\]. Such notification shall also advise the
Participant that he should establish a Simplified Employee Pension and
the date by which the establishment should be accomplished. If the
Participant fails to notify the Committee of the establishment of a
Simplified Employee Pension as of the prescribed date, the Committee
shall choose a Simplified Employee Pension for such Participant and
execute such forms and documents as may be necessary to establish a
Simplified Employee Pension for and on behalf of such Participant.

If the Participant\'s Simplified Employee Pension does not accept
contributions for the Year in which the Participant attains age \[AGE\],
the Committee shall choose a Simplified Employee Pension for such
Participant, for such Year and succeeding Years unless the Participant
notifies the Committee that he has chosen an alternate Simplified
Employee Pension.

1.  **CONTRIBUTIONS**

**NOTE: **The following Section 4.1 incorporates the requirements of
\[CODE\] regarding the permitted disparity in plan contributions. The
contribution percentage for compensation above a certain level cannot
exceed the contribution percentage on compensation below a certain level
by more than the lesser of:

a.  the contribution percentage on compensation below a certain level,
    or

b.  the greater of:

    i.  \[%\], or

    ii. the percentage equal to the portion of the rate under \[CODE\]
        (in effect as of the beginning of the year) which is
        attributable to old-age insurance.

    ```{=html}
    <!-- -->
    ```
    1.  **Employer Contributions On and After \[DATE\]:**

Each Year the Employer shall determine whether or not a contribution
will be made under the Plan for that Year. If the Employer determines
that a contribution will be made for a Year, then, subject to the
provisions of Section 4.4, the contribution made on behalf of each
Employee who is a Participant for that Year shall be equal to:

a.  a percentage of Compensation, as determined by the Employer, payable
    to all Participants;

b.  to the extent any contribution has not been allocated under (a)
    above, an additional allocation shall be made to all Participants
    considering only their compensation in excess of the social security
    wage base for the Year. The percentage for any additional allocation
    under this Section 4.1(b) shall not exceed the lesser of:

    i.  the percentage used under Section 4.1(a) above, or

    ii. the greater of:

        a.  \[%\], or

        b.  the percentage equal to the portion of the rate under
            \[CODE\] (in effect as of the beginning of the Year) which
            is solely attributable to old-age insurance.

        c.  to the extent any contribution remains after the allocations
            under Sections 4.1(a) and (b) above, the remainder shall be
            allocated to all Participants based on their Compensation
            for the Year.

However, the contribution made on behalf of any Participant for any Year
may not exceed \[AMOUNT\] (\*minus any Employer contribution made on the
Employee\'s behalf pursuant to Section 4.2). Except to the extent
provided in this Section 4.1, contributions to any one Participant shall
bear a uniform relationship to the Compensation of each Participant
receiving a contribution under this Plan.

The \[AMOUNT\] limitation referred to above shall be increased in
accordance with the increases made to the limit defined under \[CODE\].

The contributions of the Employer made on behalf of each Participant
shall be paid directly to, and deposited in, the Simplified Employee
Pension of each such Participant and shall be paid no later than
\[NUMBER\] months after the close of the Year.

1.  **Contributions by Participants:**

Participants are not permitted to make contributions under this Plan.
However, the Simplified Employee Pension chosen by the Participant may
allow for additional contributions by the Participant, but such
contributions shall not be deemed to be made under this Plan.

If the Committee chooses a Simplified Employee Pension for the
Participant pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.2, such Simplified
Employee Pension shall not provide for Participant contributions there
under.

1.  **Excess Contributions:**

An excess Employer contribution on behalf of a Participant shall exist
for a Year if it exceeds one of the following:

a.  the lesser of \[AMOUNT\] or \[%\] of the Participant\'s Compensation
    for such Year, or

b.  the amount determined by the Employer to be contributed for the
    Participant for such Year pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1.

Except as provided by the remaining provisions of this Section, if an
excess contribution is made by the Employer on behalf of a Participant,
such excess shall be used as payment or partial payment of the
Employer\'s contribution to such Participant\'s Simplified Employee
Pension for the next succeeding Year.

If, by \[DATE\] immediately following the Year for which an excess
contribution is made, it cannot be determined by the Employer whether
the excess contribution will cause yet another excess contribution for
the current Year, then the Committee shall notify the Participant that
an excess contribution has been made on his behalf.

Upon receipt of notification of an excess contribution, the Participant
may either withdraw the excess contribution prior to the due date (not
including extensions) for filing his tax return for the Year for which
the excess contribution was made or he may treat it as a Participant
contribution if his Simplified Employee Pension allows for such
treatment. If the Participant does not withdraw the excess contribution
within such time period, he shall be responsible to pay the \[%\]
penalty tax, if any, associated with such excess contribution until such
time as the excess is eliminated by withdrawal or by treating it as a
Participant contribution to his Simplified Employee Pension, if allowed.
If such withdrawal is subject to a \[%\] tax for early withdrawal, the
Participant shall be responsible to pay such tax.

1.  **Maximum Employer Contributions:**

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Employer contribution to
be made on behalf of any Participant for any Year shall be reduced to
the extent necessary to prevent disqualification of the Plan under
Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[CODE\].

If the Participant was a participant at any time in \[NAME OF PLAN\]
Defined Benefit Plan which was maintained by the Employer prior to its
termination on \[DATE\], the sum of his Defined Benefit Plan Fraction
and his Defined Contribution Plan Fraction for any Year may not exceed
\[AMOUNT\]. The \"Defined Benefit Plan Fraction\" for any Year is a
fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant\'s projected annual
benefit under the \[NAME OF PLAN\] Defined Benefit Plan (determined at
the close of the Year) and the denominator of which is the
Participant\'s projected annual benefit (determined as of the close of
the Year) if such plan provided the maximum benefit allowable under
Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[CODE\]. The \"Defined Contribution Plan
Fraction\" for any Year is a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum
of the Employer\'s contribution to be made under Section 4.1 for such
Participant for such Year, plus the Employer\'s contributions made under
this Plan for the Participant for all prior Years and the denominator of
which is the maximum amount of annual contributions which could have
been made under Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[CODE\] for such Year and for
all prior Years of such Participant\'s employment (assuming for this
purpose that said Section \[NUMBER\] had been in effect during such
prior Years). If the Participant\'s Defined Benefit Plan Fraction for
any Year plus the Defined Contribution Plan Fraction for such Year
exceeds \[AMOUNT\], then the Employer\'s contribution for the
Participant for such Year shall be reduced to the extent necessary to
eliminate the excess. The Committee shall advise affected Participants
of any limitation on their Employer contributions hereunder required by
this Section.

1.  **BENEFITS**

**NOTE:** Unlike a qualified retirement plan, a participant can
withdrawal SEP contributions without having to show a financial
hardship. The Participant would owe federal and possibly state income
taxes, plus, unless certain conditions are satisfied, a \[%\] additional
income tax.

All contributions made to this Plan by the Employer on behalf of a
Participant shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable at all times.

The right of a Participant to withdraw amounts contributed by the
Employer on his behalf shall not in any way be restricted by the
Employer, the Plan, or the Simplified Employee Pension chosen for a
Participant by the Committee.

If a Participant does withdraw amounts from his Simplified Employee
Pension, the Participant shall be responsible to pay the \[%\] penalty
tax, if any, which may be associated with the Participant\'s withdrawal.

In the event of a Participant\'s death, disposition of the
Participant\'s Simplified Employee Pension shall be governed by the
terms of his Simplified Employee Pension.

1.  **ADMINISTRATION**

    1.  **Fiduciary Responsibility:**

The Fiduciaries shall have only those specific powers, duties,
responsibilities and obligations as are specifically given them under
this Plan. The Employer shall have the sole responsibility for making
the contributions provided for under Section 4.1 and Section 4.2, and
shall have the sole authority to appoint and remove members of the
Committee, to choose the Simplified Employee Pension that will be
utilized for Participants who either fail to choose their own or choose
a Simplified Employee Pension that will not accept certain contributions
made hereunder, and to amend or terminate this Plan. The Committee shall
have the sole responsibility for the administration of this Plan, which
responsibility is specifically described in this Plan.

1.  **Appointment of Committee:**

The Plan shall be administered by a Committee consisting of at least one
person who shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board
of Directors of the Employer. All usual and reasonable expenses of the
Committee shall be paid by the Employer. Any members of the Committee
who are Employees shall not receive compensation with respect to their
services for the Committee.

1.  **Claims Procedure:**

The Committee shall make all determinations as to the eligibility of any
Employee for Plan Participation or an Employer contribution. Any denial
by the Committee of the claim for benefits under the Plan by an Employee
shall be stated in writing by the Committee and delivered or mailed to
the Employee; and such notice shall set forth the specific reasons for
the denial, written to the best of the Committee\'s ability in a manner
that may be understood without legal or actuarial counsel. In addition,
the Committee shall afford a reasonable opportunity to any Employee
whose claim for benefits has been denied for a review of the decision
denying the claim.

1.  **Records and Reports:**

The Committee shall exercise such authority and responsibility as it
deems appropriate in order to comply with governmental regulations
relating to records of Employer contributions made hereunder,
notifications to Participants, and reports, if any, to the \[GOVERNMENT
AGENCY\] or to the \[LABOR DEPARTMENT\].

1.  **Other Committee Powers and Duties:**

The Committee shall have such duties and powers as may be necessary to
discharge its duties hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation,
the following:

a.  to construe and interpret the Plan and decide all questions of
    eligibility;

b.  to prepare and distribute, in such manner as the Committee
    determines to be appropriate, information explaining the Plan;

c.  to receive from the Employer and from Participants such information
    as shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan;

d.  to furnish the Employer, upon request, such annual reports with
    respect to the administration of the Plan as are reasonable and
    appropriate;

e.  to appoint or employ individuals to assist in the administration of
    the Plan and any other agents it deems advisable, including legal
    counsel;

f.  to follow the Employer\'s choice of Simplified Employee Pension when
    it is the responsibility of the Committee hereunder to establish a
    Simplified Employee Pension for a Participant.

The Committee shall have no power to add to, subtract from or modify any
of the terms of the Plan, or to change or add to any benefits provided
by the Plan, or to waive or fail to apply any requirements of
eligibility under the Plan.

1.  **Rules and Decisions:**

The Committee may adopt such rules as it deems necessary, desirable or
appropriate. All rules and decisions of the Committee shall be uniformly
and consistently applied to all Participants in similar circumstances.
When making a determination or calculation, the Committee shall be
entitled to rely upon information furnished by a Participant, the
Employer or the legal counsel of the Employer.

1.  **Notifications and Forms:**

The Committee may require a Participant to complete and file with the
Committee any and all forms approved by the Committee, and to furnish
all pertinent information requested by the Committee. The Committee may
rely upon all such information so furnished it, including the
Participant\'s current mailing address.

1.  **Indemnification of the Committee:**

The Committee and the individual members thereof shall be indemnified by
the Employer against any and all liabilities arising by reason of any
act or failure to act made in good faith pursuant to the provisions of
the Plan, including expenses reasonably incurred in the defense of any
claim relating thereto.

1.  **EMPLOYER RIGHTS**

    1.  **Non-guarantee of Employment:**

Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of
employment between the Employer and any Employee, or as a right of any
Employee to be continued in the employment of the Employer, or as a
limitation of the right of the Employer to discharge any of its
Employees, with or without cause.

1.  **Action by Employer:**

Any action by the Employer under this Plan may be by any person or
persons duly authorized to take such action.

1.  **Choice of Simplified Employee Pension:**

The Employer shall choose the particular Simplified Employee Pension
which will be utilized by the Committee for establishing individual
Simplified Employee Pensions for Participants who fail to do so or for
Participants whose Simplified Employee Pensions do not accept
contributions made by the Employer hereunder.

The Simplified Employee Pension chosen by the Employer shall provide for
the following:

a.  no restrictions on withdrawals

b.  acceptance of Employer contributions from and after the Year in
    which the Participant attains age \[AGE\]

c.  no contributions by a Participant

d.  no rollover contributions, as defined in the Code, by a Participant,
    and

e.  such other terms and conditions as may be chosen by the Employer.

    1.  **Amendments:**

The Employer reserves the right to make from time to time any amendment
or amendments to this Plan which do not cause any part of Employer
contributions hereunder to be used for, or diverted to, any purpose
other than the exclusive benefit of Participants, provided however, that
the Employer may make any amendment it determines necessary or
desirable, with or without retroactive effect, to comply with the Code
or any other federal law and regulations issued pursuant thereto.

1.  **Successor Employer:**

In the event of the dissolution, merger, consolidation or reorganization
of the Employer, provision may be made by which the Plan will be
continued by the successor; and, in that event, such successor shall be
substituted for the Employer under the Plan. The substitution of the
successor shall constitute an assumption of Plan liabilities by the
successor and the successor shall have all of the powers, duties and
responsibilities of the Employer under the Plan.

1.  **Right to Terminate:**

The Plan is intended to be permanent but the Employer reserves the right
to terminate the Plan at any time. In the event of the dissolution,
merger, consolidation, or reorganization of the Employer, the Plan shall
terminate unless it is continued by a successor to the Employer in
accordance with Section 7.5.
