**\[NAME OF CORPORATION\]**

**\[YEAR\] STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN**

**[TABLE OF CONTENT]{.underline}**

[1. PURPOSES OF THIS PLAN]{.underline}

[2. DEFINITIONS]{.underline}

[3. STOCK SUBJECT TO THIS PLAN]{.underline}

[4. ADMINISTRATION OF THIS PLAN]{.underline}

[5. ELIGIBILITY]{.underline}

[6. TERM OF PLAN]{.underline}

[7. EXERCISE PRICE AND CONSIDERATION]{.underline}

[8. OPTIONS]{.underline}

[9. STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS]{.underline}

[10. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS]{.underline}

[11. RESTRICTED SHARES ]{.underline}

[12. PERFORMANCE UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES]{.underline}

[13. NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS AND STOCK PURCHASE
RIGHTS]{.underline}

[14. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION, MERGER OR OTHER
EVENTS]{.underline}

[15. TIME OF GRANT]{.underline}

[16. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION]{.underline}

[17. CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES]{.underline}

[18. RESERVATION OF SHARES]{.underline}

[19. OPTION, STOCK PURCHASE AND STOCK BONUS AGREEMENTS]{.underline}

[20. SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL]{.underline}

[21. INFORMATION TO OPTIONEES AND PURCHASERS]{.underline}

[22. RIGHT OF COMPANY TO TERMINATE EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING
SERVICES]{.underline}

[23. RIGHTS OF FIRST REFUSAL AND REPURCHASE]{.underline}

[24. WITHHOLDING]{.underline}

[25. SEPARABILITY]{.underline}

[26. NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF THIS PLAN]{.underline}

[27. GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}

[28. CANCELLATION OF AND SUBSTITUTION FOR NONSTATUTORY
OPTIONS]{.underline}

[29. MARKET STANDOFF]{.underline}

[Exhibit 1 -- Form of Stock Option Agreement]{.underline}

**[\[NAME OF CORPORATION\]]{.underline}**

**[\[YEAR\]]{.underline}[ STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN]{.underline}**

1.  **[PURPOS]{.underline}[[ES OF THIS
    PLAN]{#_Toc4812130}]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  [[The general purpose of this ]{#_Toc4812131}\[YEAR\] Stock Option
    and Incentive Plan is to promote the interests of the Company and
    its shareholders by (i) providing certain Employees of and
    Consultants to the Company with additional incentives to continue
    and increase their efforts with respect to achieving success in the
    business of the Company, its Affiliates and its Subsidiaries,
    and (ii) attracting and retaining the best available personnel to
    participate in the ongoing business operations of the Company and
    its Subsidiaries.]{.underline}

[Options granted under this Plan may be either Incentive Stock Options
or Non-statutory Stock Options, as determined at the discretion of the
Board and as reflected in the terms of the written option agreements.
The Board may also grant Stock Purchase Rights hereunder.]{.underline}

1.  **[DEFINITIONS]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  [[As used in this Plan, the following definitions shall
    apply:]{#_Toc4812133}]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Affiliates]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ means
any other entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or
under common control, with the Company.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Affiliated SAR]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
means a SAR that is granted in connection with a related Option, and
which will be deemed to automatically be exercised simultaneous with the
exercise of the related Option.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Award]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ means,
individually or collectively, a grant under this Plan, including any
Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, SARs, Restricted
Stock, Performance Units, or Performance Shares.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Award Agreement]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
means an agreement entered into by each Participant and the Company,
setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to Awards granted to
Participants under the Plan.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Board]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean
the Committee, if one has been appointed, or the Board of Directors of
the Company, if no Committee is appointed.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Board of
Directors]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ means the full Board of
Directors of the Company.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Code]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean
the \[CODE\], as amended from time to time, or any successor statute or
statutes thereto. Reference to any particular Code section shall include
any successor section.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Committee]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean the Committee appointed by the Board of Directors in accordance
with Section 4(a) of this Plan, if one is appointed, or if no Committee
is appointed, the Board of Directors.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Common Stock]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
shall mean the Common Stock of the Company.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Company]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean \[COMPANY\], a \[STATE/PROVINCE\] corporation.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Consultant]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean any person who is engaged by the Company or by any Parent or
Subsidiary to render consulting services and is compensated for such
consulting services, and any director of the Company whether compensated
for such services or not.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Continuous Status as an
Employee]{.underline}**["]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}***[shall mean
the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an
Employee. Continuous Status as an Employee shall not be considered
interrupted in the case of sick leave, military leave, or any other
leave of absence approved by the Board; provided that such leave is for
a period of not more than \[NUMBER\] days or reemployment upon the
expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or
statute.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Disinterested
Person]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company: (i) who was not during the one year
prior to service as an administrator of this Plan granted or awarded
equity securities pursuant to this Plan, or any other plan of the
Company or any of its affiliates entitling the participants therein to
acquire equity securities of the Company or any of its affiliates; or
(ii) who is otherwise considered to be a "disinterested person" in
accordance with \[RULE\], or any other applicable rules, regulations or
interpretations of the \[COMMISSION\].]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Employee]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean any person, including officers and directors, employed by the
Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company as a common-law
employee. The payment of a director\'s fee by the Company shall not be
sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[\[ACT\]]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean the \[ACT\], as amended.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Freestanding SAR]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
means a SAR that is granted independently of any Options.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Incentive Stock
Option]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean an Option intended
to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of \[SECTION
OF CODE\].]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Major Event]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
be deemed to have occurred if (i) there shall be consummated any
consolidation or merger of the Company in which the Company is not the
continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of the
Company\'s common stock would be converted into cash, securities or
other property, other than a merger of the Company in which the holders
of the Company\'s common stock immediately prior to the merger generally
have the same proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving
corporation immediately after the merger; (ii) there shall be
consummated any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one
transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or
substantially all, of the assets of the Company; (iii) proceedings or
actions for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company are initiated
by the Company; or (iv) any "person" (as defined in Section \[NUMBER\]
of the \[ACT\]) (other than persons who beneficially own more than \[%\]
of the capital stock of the Company on a fully diluted and as converted
basis outstanding as of the date of adoption of this Plan by the Board
of Directors) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in \[SECTION\]
under the \[ACT\]), directly or indirectly, of \[%\] or more of the
Company\'s outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted and as converted
basis at such time; provided, however, that a "Major Event" shall not be
deemed to have occurred solely by reason of the consummation of a public
offering by the Company of common stock registered.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Non]{.underline}**[-]{.underline}**[statutory Stock
Option]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean an Option which is
not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Option]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean
a stock option granted pursuant to this Plan.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Optioned Stock]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Option.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Optionee]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean an Employee or Consultant who receives an Option.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Parent]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean
a "parent corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in
\[SECTION OF CODE\].]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Participant]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ means
an Employee of the Company who has outstanding an Award granted under
the Plan.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Performance Unit]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
means an Award granted to an Employee pursuant to
SectionÂ \[NUMBER\].]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Performance Share]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
means an Award granted to an Employee, pursuant to SectionÂ \[NUMBER\]
herein.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Period of
Restriction]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ means the period during
which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock is limited in some way
(based on the passage of time, the achievement of performance goals, or
upon the occurrence of other events as determined by the Committee, in
its discretion), and the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of
forfeiture, as provided in SectionÂ 11.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Plan]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean
this \[YEAR\] Stock Option and Incentive Plan.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Purchaser]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall
mean an Employee or Consultant who exercises a Stock Purchase
Right.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Restricted Stock]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[
means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant to
SectionÂ 11.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Share]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean
a share of Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of
this Plan.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Stock Appreciation
Right]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ or "SAR" means an Award, granted
alone or in connection with a related Option, designated as a SAR,
pursuant to the terms of Section 10.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Stock Purchase
Right]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ shall mean a right to purchase
Common Stock pursuant to this Plan or the right to receive a bonus of
Common Stock for past services.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Subsidiary]{.underline}**["]{.underline}**[
]{.underline}***[shall mean a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or
hereafter existing.]{.underline}

***["]{.underline}**[Tandem SAR]{.underline}**["]{.underline}***[ means
a SAR that is granted in connection with a related Option, the exercise
of which shall require forfeiture of the right to purchase a Share under
the related Option (and when a Share is purchased under the Option, a
SAR shall similarly be cancelled).]{.underline}

1.  **[STOCK SUBJECT TO THIS PLAN]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **ADMINISTRATION OF THIS PLAN**

    1.  **[P]{.underline}[rocedure]{.underline}**

[This Plan shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the
Company unless and until the Board of Directors delegates administration
to a Committee, as provided in this Section 4(a). Subject to Section
4(a)(ii), the Board of Directors may appoint a Committee consisting of
not less than two persons to administer this Plan on behalf of the Board
of Directors, subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with
this Plan as the Board of Directors may prescribe. Once appointed, the
Committee shall continue to serve until otherwise directed by the Board
of Directors. Members of the Board who are either eligible for Options
and/or Stock Purchase Rights or have been granted Options and/or Stock
Purchase Rights may vote on any matters affecting the administration of
this Plan or the grant of any Options and/or Stock Purchase Rights
pursuant to this Plan, except that no such member shall act upon the
granting of an option to such member, but any such member may be counted
in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board
during which action is taken with respect to the granting of Options
and/or Stock Purchase Rights to such member.]{.underline}

[Notwithstanding the foregoing Section 4(a)(i), if the Company registers
any class of any equity security pursuant to Section \[NUMBER\] of the
\[ACT\], from the effective date of such registration until \[NUMBER\]
months after the termination of such registration, any grants of Options
and/or Stock Purchase Rights to directors or officers who are subject to
Section 16 of the \[ACT\] shall be made only by a Committee consisting
of two or more persons, each of whom shall be a Disinterested Person (if
necessary to meet the requirements of \[RULE\]promulgated under the
\[ACT\]). The Board shall otherwise comply with the requirements of
\[RULE\]promulgated under the \[ACT\], as from time to time in effect,
unless the Board expressly declares that any such requirement shall not
apply.]{.underline}

[Subject to the foregoing Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii), from time to
time the Board of Directors may increase the size of the Committee and
appoint additional members thereof, remove members (with or without
cause) and appoint new members in substitution therefore, fill vacancies
however caused, or remove all members of the Committee and thereafter
directly administer this Plan. Once appointed, the Committee shall
continue to serve until otherwise directed by the Board of
Directors.]{.underline}

1.  **[Powers of the Bo]{.underline}[ard]{.underline}**

[Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Board shall have plenary
authority, in its discretion and without limitation, to do the
following: (i)Â to grant Incentive Stock Options, Non-statutory Stock
Options or Stock Purchase Rights; (ii)Â to determine, upon review of
relevant information and in accordance with SectionÂ 7 of this Plan, the
fair market value of the Common Stock; (iii)Â to determine the exercise
price per share of Options or Stock Purchase Rights to be granted, which
exercise price shall be determined in accordance with SectionÂ 7 hereof;
(iv)Â to determine the Employees or Consultants to whom, and the time or
times at which, Options or Stock Purchase Rights shall be granted and
the number of Shares to be represented by each Option or Stock Purchase
Right; (v)Â to interpret this Plan; (vi)Â to prescribe, amend and rescind
rules and regulations relating to this Plan, and in the exercise of this
power, to correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in this Plan or
in any agreement relating to an Option or Stock Purchase Right, in a
manner and to the extent the Board shall deem necessary or expedient to
make this Plan fully effective; (vii)Â to determine the terms and
provisions of each Option or Stock Purchase Right granted (which need
not be identical) and, with the consent of the holder thereof, modify or
amend each Option or Stock Purchase Right; (viii)Â to authorize any
person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to
effectuate the grant of an Option or Stock Purchase Right previously
granted by the Board; and (ix) to make all other determinations deemed
necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan.]{.underline}

1.  **[B]{.underline}[oard Determinations]{.underline}**

[In making determinations under this Plan, the Board may take into
account the nature of the services rendered by the respective Employees
and Consultants, their present and potential contributions to the
success of the Company, or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and
such other factors as the Board in its discretion shall deem relevant.
All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Board shall be
final and binding on all Optionees, Purchasers and any other holders of
any Options and/or Stock Purchase Rights granted under this
Plan.]{.underline}

1.  **[ELIGIBILIT]{.underline}[Y]{.underline}**

[Options and Stock Purchase Rights may be granted to Employees and
Consultants, provided that Incentive Stock Options may only be granted
to Employees. An Employee or Consultant who has been granted an Option
or Stock Purchase Right may, if such Employee or Consultant is otherwise
eligible, be granted additional Option(s) or Stock Purchase
Right(s).]{.underline}

[No Incentive Stock Option may be granted to an Employee which, when
aggregated with all other Incentive Stock Options granted to such
Employee by the Company or by any Parent or Subsidiary, would result in
Shares having an aggregate fair market value (determined for each Share
as of the date of grant of the Option covering such Share) in excess of
\[AMOUNT\] (or such different amount as provided for under the Code
requirements for Incentive Stock Options) becoming first available for
purchase upon exercise of one or more incentive stock options during any
calendar year.]{.underline}

[Section 5(b) of this Plan shall apply only to an Incentive Stock Option
evidenced by a stock option agreement which sets forth the intention of
the Company and the Optionee that such Option shall qualify as an
Incentive Stock Option. Section 5(b) of this Plan shall not apply to any
Option evidenced by a stock option agreement which sets forth the
intention of the Company and the Optionee that such Option shall be a
Non-statutory Stock Option.]{.underline}

[On and after the effective date of the registration of any class of
equity security of the Company pursuant to SectionÂ \[NUMBER\] of the
\[ACT\], a member of the Board of Directors who is not an Employee shall
not be eligible for the benefits of this Plan unless at the time an
Option or Stock Purchase Right is granted to such member, the Board
expressly declares that such exclusion will not apply.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM OF PLAN]{.underline}**

[This Plan shall become effective upon the earlier to occur of its
adoption by the Board of Directors or its approval by vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company entitled
to vote on the adoption of this Plan. It shall continue in effect for a
term of \[NUMBER\] years unless sooner terminated under SectionÂ 16 of
this Plan.]{.underline}

1.  **[EXERCISE PRICE AND CONSIDERATION]{.underline}**

[The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to
exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right shall be such price as is
determined by the Board, but shall be subject to the following
provisions:]{.underline}

[In the case of an Incentive Stock Option:]{.underline}

a.  [granted to an Employee who, at the time of the grant of such
    Incentive Stock Option, owns stock representing more than \[%\] of
    the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any
    Parent or Subsidiary, the per share exercise price shall be no less
    than \[%\] of the fair market value per share on the date of
    grant.]{.underline}

b.  [granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in Section
    7(a)(i)(A), the per share exercise price shall be no less than \[%\]
    of the fair market value per Share on the date of
    grant.]{.underline}

[In the case of a Non-statutory Stock Option:]{.underline}

a.  [granted to an Employee or Consultant who, at the time of the grant
    of such Option, owns stock representing more than \[%\] of the
    voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or
    Subsidiary, the per share exercise price shall be no less than \[%\]
    of the fair market value per share on the date of the
    grant.]{.underline}

b.  [granted to any Employee or Consultant, other than an Employee or
    Consultant described in Section 7(a)(ii)(A), the per share exercise
    price shall be no less than \[%\] of the fair market value per share
    on the date of grant.]{.underline}

[In the case of a Stock Purchase Right granted to any person, the per
share exercise price shall be no less than \[%\] of the fair market
value per share on the date of grant; provided, however, that if such
person at the time of the grant of such Stock Purchase Right, owns stock
representing more than \[%\] of the voting power of all classes of stock
of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per share exercise price
shall be no less than \[%\] of the fair market value per share on the
date of the grant.]{.underline}

[Fair market value shall be determined by the Board in its discretion;
provided, however, that where there is an active public market for the
Common Stock, the fair market value per share shall be determined as
follows: ]{.underline}

a.  [If the Company\'s Common Stock is traded on an exchange or is
    quoted on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
    Automated Quotation ("NASDAQ") National Market System, then the
    closing or last sale price, respectively, on the date of grant, as
    reported in the Wall Street Journal (or, if not so reported, as
    otherwise reported by the NASDAQ System).]{.underline}

b.  [If the Company\'s Common Stock is not traded on an exchange or on
    the NASDAQ National Market System but is traded in the
    over-the-counter market, then the mean of the closing bid and asked
    prices on the date of grant as reported in the Wall Street Journal
    (or, if not so reported, as otherwise reported by the NASDAQ
    System).]{.underline}

[The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise
of an Option or Stock Purchase Right, including the method of payment,
shall be determined by the Board and may consist entirely of cash,
check, promissory note or other deferred payment arrangement, other
Shares of Common Stock having a fair market value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to
which said Option or Stock Purchase Right shall be exercised, or any
combination of such methods of payment, or such other consideration and
method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted
under applicable law. In making its determination as to the type of
consideration to accept, the Board shall consider if acceptance of such
consideration may be reasonably expected to benefit the
Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[OPTIONS]{.underline}**

    1.  **[T]{.underline}[erm of Option]{.underline}**

[The term of each Option shall be \[NUMBER\] years from the date of
grant thereof or such longer term (up to 10 years) as may be provided in
the stock option agreement relating to such Option; provided that the
term of a Non-statutory Stock Option may, as provided in Section
8(b)(iv), be extended for a period of up to \[NUMBER\] months. However,
in the case of an Option granted to an Employee who, at the time the
Option is granted, owns stock representing more than \[%\] of the voting
power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or
Subsidiary, the term of the Option shall be \[NUMBER\] years from the
date of grant thereof or such shorter time as may be provided in the
stock option agreement relating to such Option.]{.underline}

1.  **[Exercise of Option]{.underline}**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  **[Procedure for Exercise; Righ]{.underline}[ts as a
    Shareholder]{.underline}**

[Any Option granted under this Plan shall be exercisable at such times
and under such conditions as determined by the Board, such as vesting
conditions and/or performance criteria with respect to the Company
and/or the Optionee, and as shall be permissible under the terms of this
Plan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Option granted
hereunder shall have a vesting period in excess of \[NUMBER\]
years.]{.underline}

[An Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby at any time
prior to termination of the Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an
Employee, the Optionee may elect to exercise the Option as to all or any
part of the Shares subject to the Option prior to the stated vesting
date of the Option or of any vesting installment or installments
specified in the Option. Any shares so purchased from any unvested
installment or Option may be subject to a repurchase right in favor of
the Company or to any restriction the Board determines to be
appropriate.]{.underline}

[Exercise of an Option in any manner shall result in a decrease in the
number of Shares which thereafter may be available, both for purposes of
this Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to
which the Option is exercised.]{.underline}

[An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such
exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of
the Option by the person entitled to exercise the Option and full
payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has
been received by the Company. An Option may not be exercised for a
fraction of a Share. Full payment may, as authorized by the Board,
consist of any consideration and method of payment allowable under
SectionÂ 7 of this Plan. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the
appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such
Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a
shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock,
notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company shall issue (or
cause to be issued) such stock certificate promptly upon exercise of the
Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for
which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is
issued, except as provided in SectionÂ 11 of this Plan.]{.underline}

a.  **[T]{.underline}[ermi]{.underline}[nation of Status as an
    Employee]{.underline}**

[In the event of termination of an Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an
Employee, such Optionee may, but only within \[NUMBER\] days after the
date of such termination (but in no event later than the date of
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option
Agreement), exercise the Option to the extent that such Employee was
entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent
that such Employee was not entitled to exercise the Option at the date
of such termination, or if such Employee does not exercise such Option
(which such Employee was entitled to exercise) within such \[NUMBER\]
day time period, the Option shall terminate.]{.underline}

a.  **[Disability of Optionee]{.underline}**

[Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8(b)(ii) above, in the event
of termination of an Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an Employee as a
result of such Employee\'s disability, such Employee may, but only
within \[NUMBER\] months from the date of such termination (but in no
event later than the date of expiration of the term of such option as
set forth in the Option Agreement), exercise the Option to the extent
such Employee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such
termination; provided however, that if the Option is an Incentive Stock
Option and the disability is not a total and permanent disability, then
if the Optionee does not exercise the Option within three months after
such termination, such Option shall automatically convert into a
Non-statutory Stock Option; and provided, further, that if the
termination is as a result of a total and permanent disability, such
Employee may within \[NUMBER\] year from the date of such termination,
but in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of such
option as set forth in the Option Agreement), exercise the Option to the
extent such Employee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such
termination. To the extent that such Employee was not entitled to
exercise the Option at the date of termination, or if such Employee does
not exercise such Option (which such Employee was entitled to exercise)
within the time periods specified above, as the case may be, the Option
shall terminate.]{.underline}

a.  **[Death of Optionee]{.underline}**

[In the event of the death of an Optionee: (A)Â while the Optionee is an
Employee or Consultant, (B)Â during the \[NUMBER\] day period described
in Section 8(b)(ii), or (C)Â during the \[NUMBER\] year period described
in Section 8(b)(iii), the Option may be exercised, at any time within
\[NUMBER\] year following the date of death (but, in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option, in no event later than the date of expiration of
the term of such Incentive Stock Option as set forth in the Option
Agreement), by the Optionee\'s estate or by a person who acquired the
right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, but only to the
extent of the right to exercise that had accrued at the time of death of
the Optionee. To the extent that such Employee or Consultant was not
entitled to exercise the Option at the date of death, or if such
Employee, Consultant, estate or other person does not exercise such
Option (which such Employee, Consultant, estate or person was entitled
to exercise) within the \[NUMBER\] year time period specified in this
Plan, the Option shall terminate.]{.underline}

1.  **[STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Rights to Purchas]{.underline}[e]{.underline}**

[After the Board determines that it will offer an Employee or Consultant
a Stock Purchase Right, it shall deliver to the offeree a stock purchase
agreement or stock bonus agreement, as the case may be, setting forth
the terms, conditions and restrictions relating to the offer, including
the number of Shares which such person shall be entitled to purchase,
and the time within which such person must accept such offer, which
shall in no event exceed \[NUMBER\] months from the date upon which the
Board made the determination to grant the Stock Purchase Right. The
offer shall be accepted by execution of a stock purchase agreement or
stock bonus agreement in the form approved by the Board.]{.underline}

1.  **[Issuance of Shares]{.underline}**

[Forthwith after payment therefore, the Shares purchased shall be duly
issued; provided, however, that the Board may require that the Purchaser
make adequate provision for any federal and state withholding
obligations of the Company as a condition to the Purchaser purchasing
such Shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[Other Provisions]{.underline}**

[The stock purchase agreement or stock bonus agreement shall contain
such other terms, provisions and conditions not inconsistent with this
Plan as may be determined by the Board, including rights of first
refusal as set forth in SectionÂ 23 hereof.]{.underline}

1.  **[STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS]{.underline}**

    1.  **[G]{.underline}[rants of SARs]{.underline}**

[Tandem SARs may be awarded by the Committee in connection with any
Option granted under the Plan, either on the Date of Grant of the Option
or thereafter at any time prior to the exercise, termination or
expiration of the Option Non-tandem SARs may also be granted by the
Committee at any time. On the Date of Grant of a Non-tandem SAR, the
Committee shall specify the number of shares of Common Stock covered by
such right and the base price of shares of Common Stock to be used in
connection with the calculation described in Section 10.3 below. SARs
shall be subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with the
other provisions of this Plan as the Committee shall
determine.]{.underline}

1.  **[Exercise of Tandem SARs]{.underline}**

[A Tandem SAR shall be exercisable only to the extent that the related
Option is exercisable and shall be exercisable only for such period as
the Committee may determine (which period may expire prior to the
expiration date of the related Option). Upon the exercise of all or a
portion of a Tandem SAR, the related Option shall be canceled with
respect to an equal number of shares of Common Stock. A Tandem SAR shall
entitle the Grantee to surrender to the Company unexercised the related
Option, or any portion thereof, and to receive from the Company in
exchange therefore that number of shares of Common Stock having an
aggregate fair market value equal to (A) the excess of (i) the fair
market value of \[NUMBER\] share of Common Stock as of the date the
Tandem SAR is exercised over (ii) the Option price per share specified
in such Option, multiplied by (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
subject to the Option, or portion thereof, which is surrendered. Cash
shall be delivered in lieu of any fractional shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[Exercise of Non]{.underline}[-]{.underline}[tandem
    SARs]{.underline}**

[A Non-tandem SAR shall be exercisable during such period as the
Committee shall determine prior to the Date of Grant. The exercise of a
Non-tandem SAR shall entitle the Grantee to receive from the Company
that number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate fair market
value equal to (A) the excess of (i) the fair market value of \[NUMBER\]
share of Common Stock as of the date on which the Non-tandem SAR is
exercised over (ii) the base price of the shares covered by the
Non-tandem SAR, multiplied by (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
covered by the Non-tandem SAR, or the portion thereof being exercised.
Cash shall be delivered in lieu of any fractional shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[Settlement of SARs]{.underline}**

[As soon as is reasonably practicable after the exercise of a SAR, the
Company shall (i)Â issue, in the name of the Grantee, stock certificates
representing the total number of full shares of Common Stock to which
the Grantee is entitled pursuant to Section 10.2 or 10.3 hereof and cash
in an amount equal to the fair market value, as of the date of exercise,
of any resulting fractional shares, and (ii)Â if the Committee causes the
Company to elect to settle all or part of its obligations arising out of
the exercise of the SAR in cash pursuant to Section 10.5, deliver to the
Grantee an amount in cash equal to the fair market value, as of the date
of exercise, of the shares of Common Stock it would otherwise be
obligated to deliver.]{.underline}

1.  **[Cash Settlement]{.underline}**

[The Committee, in its discretion, may cause the Company to settle all
or any part of its obligation arising out of the exercise of a SAR by
the payment of cash in lieu of all or part of the shares of Common Stock
it would otherwise be obligated to deliver in an amount equal to the
fair market value of such shares on the date of exercise.]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTED SHARES]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Grant of Restricted Shares]{.underline}**

[The Committee may from time to time cause the Company to issue
Restricted Shares under the Plan, subject to such restrictions,
conditions and other terms as the Committee may determine in addition to
those set forth herein.]{.underline}

1.  **[Restrictions]{.underline}**

[At the time a grant of Restricted Shares is made, the Committee shall
establish a period of time (the "Restricted Period") applicable to such
Restricted Shares. Each grant of Restricted Shares may be subject to a
different Restricted Period. The Committee may, in its sole discretion,
at the time a grant is made, prescribe restrictions in addition to or
other than the expiration of the Restricted Period, including the
satisfaction of corporate or individual performance objectives, which
shall be applicable to all or any portion of the Restricted Shares.
Except with respect to grants of Restricted Shares intended to qualify
as performance based compensation for purposes of \[SECTION OF THE
CODE\], the Committee may also, in its sole discretion, shorten or
terminate the Restricted Period or waive any other restrictions
applicable to all or a portion of such Restricted Shares. None of the
Restricted Shares may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or
otherwise encumbered or disposed of prior to the date on which such
Restricted Shares vest in accordance with Section 11.3.]{.underline}

1.  **[Restricted Stock Certificates]{.underline}**

[The Company shall issue, in the name of each Grantee, stock
certificates with proper legends representing the total number of
Restricted Shares granted to the Grantee, as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Date of Grant. The Secretary of the Company shall
hold such certificates, properly endorsed for transfer, after the
Grantee\'s benefit until such time as the Restricted Shares are
forfeited to the Company or until the Restricted Shares vest. In lieu of
the foregoing, Restricted Shares awarded to a Grantee may be held under
the Grantee\'s name in a book entry account maintained by or on behalf
of the Company.]{.underline}

**[11.4]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Rights ]{.underline}[of Holders of
Restricted Shares]{.underline}**

[Except as otherwise determined by the Committee either at the time
Restricted Shares are awarded or at any time thereafter prior to the
lapse of the restrictions, holders of Restricted Shares shall not have
the right to vote such shares or the right to receive any dividends with
respect to such shares. All distributions, if any, received by an
employee or consultant with respect to Restricted Shares as a result of
any stock split-up, stock distribution, combination of shares, or other
similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions of this Section
11.]{.underline}

**[11.5]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Termination of Employment
Relationship]{.underline}**

[ Any Restricted Shares granted pursuant to the Plan shall be forfeited
if the Grantee terminates employment with the Company or its
subsidiaries for reasons other than death or disability prior to the
expiration or termination of the Restricted Period and the satisfaction
of any other conditions applicable to such Restricted Shares. Upon such
forfeiture, the Secretary of the Company shall either cancel or retain
in its treasury the Restricted Shares that are forfeited to the Company.
Upon the death of a Grantee prior to his termination of employment, or
upon a Grantee\'s termination of employment as a result of disability,
all Restricted Shares previously awarded to such Grantee which have not
previously vested shall be forfeited unless the Committee in its sole
discretion shall determine otherwise.]{.underline}

6.  **[Delivery of Restricted Shares]{.underline}**

[Subject to the provisions of this Section, at such time as the Grantee
shall become vested in his Restricted Shares, the restrictions
applicable to the Restricted Shares shall lapse and a stock certificate
for the number of Restricted Shares with respect to which the
restrictions have lapsed shall be delivered, free of all such
restrictions, to the Grantee or the Grantee\'s beneficiary or estate, as
the case may be.]{.underline}

1.  **[PERFORMANCE UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Gr]{.underline}[ant of Performance
        Units/Shares]{.underline}**

[Subject to the terms of the Plan, Performance Units and Performance
Shares may be granted to eligible Employees and Consultants at any time
and from time to time, as shall be determined by the Committee, in its
sole discretion. The Committee shall have complete discretion in
determining the number of Performance Units and Performance Shares
granted to each Participant.]{.underline}

1.  **[Value of Performance Units/Shares]{.underline}**

[Each Performance Unit shall have an initial value that is established
by the Committee at the time of the grant. Each Performance Share shall
have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date of grant. The Committee shall set performance goals in its
discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will
determine the number and/or value of Performance Units/Shares that will
be paid out to the Participants. The time period during which the
performance goals must be met shall be called a "Performance Period."
Performance Periods of Awards granted to Insiders shall, in all cases,
exceed \[NUMBER\] months in length.]{.underline}

1.  **[Earning of Performance Units/Shares]{.underline}**

[After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of
Performance Units/Shares shall be entitled to receive a payout of the
number of Performance Unit/Shares earned by the Participant over the
Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to
which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, after the grant of a Performance
Unit/Share, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may waive the
achievement of any performance goals for such Performance
Unit/Share.]{.underline}

1.  **[Form and Timing of Payme]{.underline}[nt of Performance
    Units/Shares]{.underline}**

[Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares shall be made in a single
lump sum, within \[NUMBER\] calendar days following the close of the
applicable Performance Period. The Committee, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of cash, in Shares
(which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the
earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable
Performance Period) or in combination thereof.]{.underline}

[Prior to the beginning of each Performance Period, Participants may, in
the discretion of the Committee, elect to defer the receipt of any
Performance Unit/Share payout upon such terms as the Committee shall
determine.]{.underline}

1.  **[Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares]{.underline}**

[Subject to the applicable Award Agreement, upon the earlier of (a)Â the
Participant\'s termination of employment, or (b)Â the date set forth in
the Award Agreement, all remaining Performance Units/Shares shall be
forfeited by the Participant to the Company, the Shares subject thereto
shall again be available for grant under the Plan.]{.underline}

1.  **[Non]{.underline}[-]{.underline}[transferability]{.underline}**

[Performance Units/Shares may not be sold, transferred, pledged,
assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution. Further a Participant\'s rights
under the Plan shall be exercisable during the Participant\'s lifetime
only by the Participant or the Participant\'s legal
representative.]{.underline}

1.  **[NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS AND STOCK PURCHASE
    RIGHTS]{.underline}**

[Options and Stock Purchase Rights may not be sold, pledged, assigned,
hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by
will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised,
during the lifetime of the Optionee or Purchaser, only by the Optionee
or Purchaser.]{.underline}

1.  **[ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION, MERGER OR OTHER
    EVENTS]{.underline}**

[Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the
number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Option and
Stock Purchase Right, and the number of shares of Common Stock which
have been authorized for issuance under this Plan but as to which no
Options or Stock Purchase Rights have yet been granted or which have
been returned to this Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Option
or Stock Purchase Right, or repurchase of Shares from a Purchaser or
Optionee upon termination of employment or otherwise, as well as the
price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Option
or Stock Purchase Right, shall be proportionately adjusted for any
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock
resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
combination or reclassification of the Common Stock of the Company or
the payment of a stock dividend with respect to the Common Stock. Such
adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination in that
respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly
provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any
class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class,
shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with
respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an
Option or Stock Purchase Rights.]{.underline}

[In the event of the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all
Options and Stock Purchase Rights will terminate immediately prior to
the consummation of such proposed action if not previously exercised.
The Board, at its option, may provide for one or more of the following
from time to time or in any stock option agreement or stock purchase
agreement that, in the event of a Major Event, then (A) all Options and
Stock Purchase Rights will be assumed or equivalent options or stock
purchase rights will be substituted by such surviving corporation (or
other entity) or a parent or subsidiary of such surviving corporation
(or other entity), (B) all Options and Stock Purchase Rights will
continue in full force and effect, or (C) all Options and Stock Purchase
Rights will terminate if not exercised prior to the consummation of the
transaction.]{.underline}

[The foregoing adjustments shall be made by the Board, whose
determination in that respect shall be final, binding and
conclusive.]{.underline}

[The grant of an Option or Stock Purchase Right pursuant to this Plan
shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make
adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its
capital or business structure or to merge or to consolidate or to
dissolve, liquidate or sell, or transfer all or any part of its business
or assets.]{.underline}

1.  **[TIME OF GRANT]{.underline}**

[The date of grant of an Option or Stock Purchase Right shall, for all
purposes, be the date on which the Board makes the determination
granting such Option or Stock Purchase Right. Notice of the
determination shall be given to each Employee or Consultant to whom an
Option or Stock Purchase Right is so granted within a reasonable time
after the date of such grant.]{.underline}

1.  **[AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION]{.underline}**

    1.  **[Amendment]{.underline}**

[The Board may amend this Plan from time to time in such respects as the
Board may deem advisable; provided that the shareholders of the Company
must approve the following amendments or revisions within \[NUMBER\]
months before or after the adoption of such revision or
amendment:]{.underline}

a.  [any increase in the number of Shares subject to this Plan, other
    than in connection with an adjustment under SectionÂ 14 of this
    Plan;]{.underline}

b.  [any change in the designation of the class of persons eligible to
    be granted Options (to the extent such modification requires
    shareholder approval in order for the Plan to satisfy the
    requirements of \[SECTION OF CODE\] or to comply with the
    requirements of \[RULE\]promulgated under the \[ACT\]); or
    ]{.underline}

c.  [any other revision or amendment if such revision or amendment
    requires shareholder approval in order for this Plan to satisfy the
    requirements of \[SECTION OF CODE\] or to comply with the
    requirements of \[RULE\] promulgated under the \[ACT\] if
    applicable.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[Shareholder Approval]{.underline}**

[If any amendment requiring shareholder approval under Section 16(a) of
this Plan is made subsequent to the first registration of any class of
equity securities by the Company under Section \[NUMBER\] of the
\[ACT\], such shareholder approval shall be solicited as described in
Section 20 of this Plan.]{.underline}

1.  **[Suspension and Termination]{.underline}**

[The Board may suspend or terminate this Plan at any time. No Options or
Stock Purchase Rights may be granted while this Plan is suspended or
after it is terminated.]{.underline}

1.  **[Effect of Amendment; Termination or Suspension]{.underline}**

[Any such amendment, termination or suspension of this Plan shall not
affect Options or Stock Purchase Rights already granted and such Options
or Stock Purchase Rights shall remain in full force and effect as if
this Plan had not been amended, terminated or suspended, unless mutually
agreed otherwise between the Optionee or Purchaser (as the case may be)
and the Company, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the
Optionee or Purchaser (as the case may be) and the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES]{.underline}**

[Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option or
Stock Purchase Right unless the exercise of such Option or Stock
Purchase Right and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant
thereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including,
without limitation, and the requirements of any stock exchange or other
stock trading system upon which the Shares may then be
listed.]{.underline}

[As a condition to the exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right,
the Company may require the person exercising such Option or Stock
Purchase Right to make such representations and warranties at the time
of any such exercise as the Company may at that time determine,
including without limitation, representations and warranties that (i)
the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any
present intention to sell or distribute such Shares in violation of
applicable federal or state securities laws, and (ii) such person is
knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and is
capable of evaluating the merits and the risks associated with
purchasing the Shares.]{.underline}

1.  **[R]{.underline}[ESERVATION OF SHARES]{.underline}**

[The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve
and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to
satisfy the requirements of this Plan. The inability of the Company to
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which
authority is deemed by the Company\'s counsel to be necessary to the
lawful issuance and sale of any Shares under this Plan, shall relieve
the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell
such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been
obtained.]{.underline}

1.  **[OPTION, STOCK PURCHASE AND STOCK BONUS AGREEMENTS]{.underline}**

[Options shall be evidenced by written stock option agreements in such
form as the Board shall approve. Upon the exercise of Stock Purchase
Rights, the Purchaser shall sign a stock purchase agreement or stock
bonus agreement in such form as the Board shall approve.]{.underline}

1.  **[SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL]{.underline}**

[The shareholders of the Company shall have approved this Plan within
\[NUMBER\] months before or after this Plan is adopted. Any shares
purchased before shareholder approval is obtained shall be rescinded if
shareholder approval is not obtained within \[NUMBER\] months before or
after this Plan is adopted. Such shares shall not be counted in
determining whether such approval is obtained.]{.underline}

[If the Company registers any class of equity securities pursuant to
SectionÂ \[NUMBER\] of the \[ACT\], any required approval of the
shareholders of the Company obtained after such registration shall be
solicited substantially in accordance with Section \[NUMBER\] of the
\[ACT\] and the rules and regulations promulgated there
under.]{.underline}

[If the Company registers any class of equity securities pursuant to
Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[ACT\] and if prior to such time either the
shareholders of the Company did not approve this Plan or the Company did
not solicit shareholder approval substantially in accordance with
\[NUMBER\] of the \[ACT\] and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, then the Company shall take all necessary actions to qualify
the Plan under \[RULE\] promulgated under the \[ACT\] at or prior to the
later of (A) the first annual meeting of shareholders held subsequent to
the first registration of any class of equity securities of the Company
under Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[ACT\] or (B) the granting of an Option
hereunder to an officer or director after such
registration.]{.underline}

1.  **[INFORMATION TO OPTIONEES AND PURCHASERS]{.underline}**

[The Company shall provide annually to each Optionee and Purchaser,
during the period that such Optionee or Purchaser has one or more
Options or Stock Purchase Rights outstanding, copies of the annual
financial statements of the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[RIGHT OF COMPANY TO TERMINATE EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING
    SERVICES]{.underline}**

[This Plan shall not confer upon any Optionee or holder of a Stock
Purchase Right any right with respect to continuation of employment by
or the rendition of consulting services to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or its Parent, nor shall it interfere in any way with his
or her right or the Company\'s, any of its Subsidiaries\' or its
Parent\'s right to terminate his or her employment or services at any
time, with or without cause.]{.underline}

1.  **[RIGHTS OF FIRST REFUSAL AND REPURCHASE]{.underline}**

[The written agreements evidencing Options or Stock Purchase Rights may
contain such provisions as the Board shall determine (or pursuant to a
separate agreement) to the effect that if an Optionee or Purchaser
elects to sell all or any Shares that the Optionee or Purchaser acquired
upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right, then any
proposed sale of such Shares by such Optionee or Purchaser shall be
subject to a right of first refusal in favor of the
Company.]{.underline}

[The Board may require, at its option, that a stock purchase agreement,
stock option agreement, stock bonus agreement, or other agreement
pursuant to this Plan grant the Company a repurchase option exercisable
upon the voluntary or involuntary termination of the Purchaser\'s
employment with the Company for any reason (including death or
disability). The repurchase price shall be at the higher of the original
purchase price or fair value of the Shares on the date of termination of
employment. If the Board so determines, the purchase price for shares
repurchased may be paid by cancellation of any indebtedness of the
Purchaser to the Company. The repurchase option must be exercised by the
Company within \[NUMBER\] days of termination of employment for cash or
cancellation of money indebtedness for the Shares and the right shall
terminate when the Company\'s Common Stock becomes publicly traded. The
Board may require such a repurchase right in other events.]{.underline}

[Certificates representing shares issued upon exercise of Options or
Stock Purchase Rights shall bear a restrictive legend to the effect that
the transferability of such shares is subject to the restrictions
contained in this Plan and the applicable written agreement between the
Optionee or Purchaser and the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[WITHHOLDING]{.underline}**

[The Company\'s obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock under this
Plan shall be subject to applicable federal, state and local tax
withholding requirements. To the extent provided by the terms of the
stock option agreement relating to an Option, the Optionee may satisfy
any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the
exercise of such Option by any or a combination of the following means:
(i) cash payment or wage withholding; (ii) authorizing the Company to
withhold from the Shares otherwise issuable to the Optionee upon
exercise of the Option the number of Shares having a fair market value
less than or equal to the amount of the withholding tax obligation; or
(iii) delivering to the Company unencumbered shares of Common Stock
owned by the Optionee having a fair market value less than or equal to
the amount of the withholding tax obligation; provided, however, that
with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) above the Board in its sole
discretion may disapprove such payment and require that such taxes be
paid in cash.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEPARABILITY]{.underline}**

[At a time when the Company has a class of equity securities registered
pursuant to Section \[NUMBER\] of the \[ACT\], if any of the terms or
provisions of this Plan conflict with the requirements of
\[RULE\]promulgated under the \[ACT\] and/or \[SECTION OF CODE\], then
such terms or provisions shall be deemed inoperative to the extent they
so conflict with the requirements of \[RULE\]promulgated under the
\[ACT\], and/or with respect to Incentive Stock Options, \[SECTION OF
CODE\]. The foregoing sentence shall not apply with respect to the
requirements of \[RULE\]promulgated under the \[ACT\] if the Board has
expressly declared that such requirements shall not apply. With respect
to Incentive Stock Options, if this Plan does not contain any provision
required to be included herein under \[SECTION OF CODE\], such provision
shall be deemed to be incorporated herein with the same force and effect
as if such provision had been set out at length herein. To the extent
any Option that is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option
cannot so qualify, such Option, to that extent, shall be deemed to be a
Non-statutory Stock Option for all purposes of this Plan.]{.underline}

1.  **[NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF THIS PLAN]{.underline}**

[The adoption of this Plan by the Board shall not be construed as
creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other
incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without
limitation, the granting of stock options and the awarding of stock and
cash otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either
generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**

[This Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of \[STATE/PROVINCE\].]{.underline}

1.  **[CANCELLATION OF AND SUBSTITUTION FOR NONSTATUTORY
    OPTIONS]{.underline}**

[The Company shall have the right to cancel any Non-statutory Stock
Option at any time before it otherwise would have expired by its terms
and to grant to the same Optionee in substitution therefore a new
Non-statutory Stock Option stating an option price which is lower (but
not higher) than the option price stated in the cancelled Option. Any
such substituted option shall contain all the terms and conditions of
the cancelled Option; provided, however, that such substituted Option
shall not be exercisable after the expiration of \[NUMBER\] years and
one day from the date of grant of the cancelled Option.]{.underline}

1.  **[MARKET STANDOFF]{.underline}**

[Unless the Board determines otherwise, each Optionee or Purchaser shall
not sell or otherwise transfer any Shares or other securities of the
Company during the \[NUMBER\]-day period following the effective date of
a registration statement of the Company filed under the \[ACT\];
provided, however, that such restriction shall apply only to the first
two registration statements of the Company to become effective under the
\[ACT\] which includes securities to be sold on behalf of the Company to
the public in an underwritten public offering under the \[ACT\]. The
Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to securities
subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such
\[NUMBER\]-day period]{.underline}

**[STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[THE SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR
DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE EFFECTED
WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE \[ACT\], AS AMENDED.]{.underline}

[This Stock Option Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as
of the date of grant set forth below (the "Date of Grant")]{.underline}

**[BETWEEN:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[COMPANY
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Company), a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the \[STATE/PROVINCE\], with
its head office located at:]{.underline}

**[AND:]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[\[OPTIONEE
NAME]{.underline}[\]]{.underline}**[ (the \"Optionee\"), an individual
with his main address at:]{.underline}

Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to
them in the Company's \[YEAR OF PLAN\] Stock Option & Incentive Plan
(the "Plan").

**Total Option Shares: **

**Exercise Price Per Share: **

**Date of Grant: **

**First Vesting Date: **

**Expiration Date for Exercise of Options: **

**Type of Stock Option: **

(Check one): \[ \] Incentive Stock Option

\[ \] Statutory Stock Option

1.  **[GRANT OF OPTION]{.underline}**

[The Company hereby grants to Optionee an option (the "Option") to
purchase the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company set
forth above (the "Shares") at the Exercise Price Per Share set forth
above (the "Exercise Price"), subject to all of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an Incentive Stock
Option above, the Option is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock
option" ("ISO") within the meaning of Section \[NUMBER\] of the
\[CODE\], as amended (the "Code"). Only Employees of the Company shall
receive ISOs. ]{.underline}

1.  **[EXERCISE PRICE]{.underline}**

[The Exercise Price, is not less than the fair market value per share of
Common Stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board; provided,
however, in the event Optionee is an Employee and owns stock
representing more than \[%\] of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock of the Company or of its Parent or Subsidiary
corporations immediately before this Option is granted, said exercise
price is not less than one hundred ten percent \[%\] of the fair market
value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by
the Board.]{.underline}

1.  **[EXERCISE OF OPTION]{.underline}**

[This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the
provisions of \[PLAN\] as follows:]{.underline}

a.  [Vesting]{.underline}

    i.  [This Option shall not become exercisable as to any of the
        number of the Shares as follows (check one):]{.underline}

[\[ \] Four Year Vesting:]{.underline}

[Until the date that is \[NUMBER\] year from the date of grant of the
Option (the \"Anniversary Date\"). On the Anniversary Date, this Option
may be exercised to the extent of \[%\] of the Shares. Upon the
expiration of each calendar month from the Anniversary Date, this Option
may be exercised to the extent of the product of (a)Â the total number of
Shares set forth at the beginning of this Agreement and (b)Â the fraction
the numerator of which is \[NUMBER\] and the denominator of which is
\[NUMBER\] (the \"Monthly Vesting Amount\"), plus the shares as to which
the right to exercise the Option has previously accrued but has not been
exercised; provided, however, that notwithstanding any of the above, the
\[%\] exercisable on the Anniversary Date and the Monthly Vesting Amount
with respect to any calendar month shall become exercisable only if the
Employee was an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
as of the Anniversary Date and the last day of such month, respectively.
Any time that the Optionee is on leave or is absent from performing
services for the Company shall not be counted towards the vesting
provided herein.]{.underline}

[\[ \] Alternate Vesting Schedule: As follows: ]{.underline}

i.  [This Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a
    Share.]{.underline}

ii. [In the event of Optionee\'s death, disability or other termination
    of employment, the exercisability of the Option is governed by
    Sections 7, 8 and 9 below, subject to the limitations contained in
    subsection 3(i)(d).]{.underline}

iii. [In no event may this Option be exercised after the date of
     expiration of the term of this Option as set forth in Section 11
     below.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  [Method of Exercise]{.underline}

[This Option shall be exercisable by written notice which shall state
the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of
which the Option is being exercised, and such other representations and
agreements as to the holder\'s investment intent with respect to such
shares of Common Stock as may be required by the Company pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan. Such written notice shall be signed by Optionee
and shall be delivered in person or by certified mail to the President,
Secretary or Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The written notice
shall be accompanied by payment of the exercise price.]{.underline}

[No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless
such issuance and such exercise shall comply with all relevant
provisions of law and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which
the Shares may then be listed. Assuming such compliance, for income tax
purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on
the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such
Shares.]{.underline}

a.  [Adjustments, Merger, etc. The number and class of the Shares and/or
    the exercise price specified above are subject to appropriate
    adjustment in the event of changes in the capital stock of the
    Company by reason of stock dividends, split-ups or combinations of
    shares, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations
    or liquidations. Subject to any required action of the shareholders
    of the Company, if the Company shall be the surviving corporation in
    any merger or consolidation, this Option (to the extent that it is
    still outstanding) shall pertain to and apply to the securities to
    which a holder of the same number of shares of Common Stock that are
    then subject to this Option would have been entitled. A dissolution
    or liquidation of the Company, or a merger or consolidation in which
    the Company is not the surviving corporation, will cause this Option
    to terminate, unless the agreement or merger or consolidation shall
    otherwise provide, provided that the Optionee shall, if the Board
    expressly authorizes, in such event have the right immediately prior
    to such dissolution or liquidation, or merger or consolidation, to
    exercise this Option in whole or part. To the extent that the
    foregoing adjustments relate to stock or securities of the Company,
    such adjustments shall be made by the Board, whose determination in
    that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[OPTIONEE\'S REPRESENTATIONS]{.underline}**

    a.  [By receipt of this Option, by its execution, and by its
        exercise in whole or in part, Optionee represents to the Company
        that Optionee understands that:]{.underline}

    b.  [Both this Option and any Shares purchased upon its exercise are
        securities, the issuance by the Company of which requires
        compliance with federal and state securities laws;]{.underline}

    c.  [These securities are made available to Optionee only on the
        condition that Optionee makes the representations contained in
        this SectionÂ 4 to the Company;]{.underline}

    d.  [Optionee has made a reasonable investigation of the affairs of
        the Company sufficient to be well informed as to the rights and
        the value of these securities;]{.underline}

    e.  [Optionee understands that the securities have not been
        registered under the \[ACT\], as amended (the \"Act\") in
        reliance upon one or more specific exemptions contained in the
        Act, which may include reliance on \[RULE\] promulgated under
        the Act, if available, or which may depend upon (a)Â Optionee\'s
        bona fide investment intention in acquiring these securities;
        (b)Â Optionee\'s intention to hold these securities in compliance
        with federal and state securities laws; (c)Â Optionee having no
        present intention of selling or transferring any part thereof
        (recognizing that the Option is not transferable) in violation
        of applicable federal and state securities laws; and (d)Â there
        being certain restrictions on transfer of the Shares subject to
        the Option;]{.underline}

    f.  [Optionee understands that the Shares subject to this Option, in
        addition to other restrictions on transfer, must be held
        indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Act, or
        unless an exemption from registration is available; that
        \[RULE\], the usual exemption from registration, is only
        available after the satisfaction of certain holding periods and
        in the presence of a public market for the Shares; that there is
        no certainty that a public market for the Shares will exist, and
        that otherwise it will be necessary that the Shares be sold
        pursuant to another exemption from registration which may be
        difficult to satisfy; and]{.underline}

    g.  [Optionee understands that the certificate representing the
        Shares will bear a legend prohibiting their transfer in the
        absence of their registration or the opinion of counsel for the
        Company that registration is not required, and a legend
        prohibiting their transfer in compliance with applicable state
        securities laws unless otherwise exempted.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[METHOD OF PAYMENT]{.underline}**

[Payment of the purchase price shall be made by cash, check or, in the
sole discretion of the Board at the time of exercise, promissory notes
or other Shares of Common Stock having a fair market value on the date
of surrender equal to the aggregate purchase price of the Shares being
purchased.]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTIONS ON EXERCISE]{.underline}**

[This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon
such exercise or the method of payment of consideration for such Shares
would constitute a violation of any applicable law or regulation. As a
condition to the exercise of this Option, the Company may require
Optionee to make any representation and warranty to the Company as may
be required by any applicable law or regulation.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERMINATION OF STATUS AS AN EMPLOYEE]{.underline}**

[In the event of termination of Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an
Employee for any reason other than death or disability, Optionee may,
but only within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of such termination (but
in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of this Option
as set forth in SectionÂ 11 below), exercise this Option to the extent
that Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such
termination. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise
this Option at the date of such termination, or if Optionee does not
exercise this Option within the time specified herein, this Option shall
terminate.]{.underline}

1.  **[DISABILITY OF OPTIONEE]{.underline}**

[In the event of termination of Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an
Employee as a result of Optionee\'s disability, Optionee may, but only
within \[NUMBER\] months from the date of termination of employment (but
in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of this Option
as set forth in SectionÂ 11 below), exercise this Option to the extent
Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination;
provided, however that if the disability is not total and permanent and
the Optionee exercises the option within the period provided above but
more than three months after the date of termination, this Option shall
automatically be deemed to be a Non-statutory Stock Option and not an
Incentive Stock Option; and provided, further, that if the disability is
total and permanent then the Optionee may, but only within \[NUMBER\]
year from the date of termination of employment (but in no event later
than the date of expiration of the term of this Option as set forth in
Section 11 below), exercise this Option to the extent Optionee was
entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent
that Optionee was not entitled to exercise this Option at the date of
termination, or if Optionee does not exercise such Option within the
time periods specified herein, this Option shall terminate.]{.underline}

1.  **[DEATH OF OPTIONEE]{.underline}**

[In the event of the death of Optionee:]{.underline}

a.  [During the term of this Option while an Employee of the Company and
    having been in Continuous Status as an Employee since the date of
    grant of this Option, this Option may be exercised, at any time
    within \[NUMBER\] year following the date of death (but, in case of
    an Incentive Stock Option, in no event later than the date of
    expiration of this Option as set forth in SectionÂ 11 below), by
    Optionee\'s estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise
    the Option by bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent of the
    right to exercise that had accrued at the time of death of the
    Optionee. To the extent that such Employee was not entitled to
    exercise the Option at the date of death, or if such Employee,
    estate or other person does not exercise such Option (which such
    Employee, estate or person was entitled to exercise) within the
    \[NUMBER\] years time period specified herein, the Option shall
    terminate; or]{.underline}

b.  [During the \[NUMBER\] day period specified in SectionÂ 7 or the
    \[NUMBER\] year period specified in SectionÂ 8, after the termination
    of Optionee\'s Continuous Status as an Employee, this Option may be
    exercised, at any time within \[NUMBER\] year following the date of
    death (but, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, in no event
    later than the date of expiration of the term of this Option as set
    forth in SectionÂ 11 below), by Optionee\'s estate or by a person who
    acquired the right to exercise this Option by bequest or
    inheritance, but only to the extent of the right to exercise that
    had accrued at the date of termination. To the extent that such
    Employee was not entitled to exercise this Option at the date of
    death, or if such Employee, estate or other person does not exercise
    such Option (which such Employee, estate or person was entitled to
    exercise) within the \[NUMBER\] year time period specified herein,
    this Option shall terminate.]{.underline}

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **[NON]{.underline}[â]{.underline}[TRANSFERABILITY OF
    OPTION]{.underline}**

[This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will
or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during
the lifetime of Optionee, only by Optionee. The terms of this Option
shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors
and assigns of Optionee.]{.underline}

1.  **[TERM OF OPTION]{.underline}**

[This Option may not be exercised more than \[NUMBER OF YEARS\] years
from the date of grant of this Option, and may be exercised during such
term only in accordance with the Plan and terms of this Option;
provided, however, that the term of this option, if it is a
Non-statutory Stock Option, may be extended for the period set forth in
SectionÂ 9(a) or SectionÂ 9(b) in the circumstances set forth in such
Sections.]{.underline}

1.  **[EARLY DISPOSITION OF STOCK; T]{.underline}[AXATION UPON EXERCISE
    OF OPTION]{.underline}**

[If Optionee is an Employee and the Option qualifies as an ISO, Optionee
understands that, if Optionee disposes of any Shares received under this
Option within \[NUMBER\] years after the date of this Agreement or
within \[NUMBER\] year after such Shares were transferred to Optionee,
Optionee will be treated for federal income tax purposes as having
received ordinary income at the time of such disposition in any amount
generally measured as the difference between the price paid for the
Shares and the lower of the fair market value of the Shares at the date
of exercise or the fair market value of the Shares at the of
disposition. Any gain recognized on such premature sale of the Shares in
excess of the amount treated as ordinary income will be characterized as
capital gain. Optionee hereby agrees to notify the Company in writing
within \[NUMBER\] days after the date of any such disposition. Optionee
understands that if Optionee disposes of such Shares at any time after
the expiration of such twoâyear and oneâyear holding periods, any gain
on such sale will be treated as longâterm capital gain laws subject to
meeting various qualifications. If Optionee is a Consultant or this is a
Non-statutory Stock Option, Optionee understands that, upon exercise of
this Option, Optionee will recognize income for tax purposes in an
amount equal to the excess of the then fair market value of the Shares
over the exercise price. Upon a resale of such shares by the Optionee,
any difference between the sale price and the fair market value of the
Shares on the date of exercise of the Option will be treated as capital
gain or loss. Optionee understands that the Company will be required to
withhold tax from Optionee\'s current compensation in some of the
circumstances described above; to the extent that Optionee\'s current
compensation is insufficient to satisfy the withholding tax liability,
the Company may require the Optionee to make a cash payment to cover
such liability as a condition to exercise of this Option.]{.underline}

1.  **[TAX CONSEQUENCES]{.underline}**

[The Optionee understands that any of the foregoing references to
taxation are based on federal income tax laws and regulations now in
effect, and may not be applicable to the Optionee under certain
circumstances. The Optionee may also have adverse tax consequences under
state or local law. The Optionee has reviewed with the Optionee\'s own
tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Optionee is relying
solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of
the Company or any of its agents. The Optionee understands that the
Optionee (and not the Company) shall be responsible for the Optionee\'s
own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.]{.underline}

1.  **[SEVERABILITY; CONSTRUCTION]{.underline}**

[In the event that any provision in this Option shall be invalid or
unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect
on, the remaining provisions of this Option. This Option shall be
construed as to its fair meaning and not for or against either
party.]{.underline}

1.  **[DAMAGES]{.underline}**

[The parties agree that any violation of this Option (other than a
default in the payment of money) cannot be compensated for by damages,
and any aggrieved party shall have the right, and is hereby granted the
privilege, of obtaining specific performance of this Option in any court
of competent jurisdiction in the event of any breach
hereunder.]{.underline}

1.  **[GOVERNING LAW]{.underline}**

[This Option shall be deemed to be made under and governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of \[STATE\].
Jurisdiction for any disputes hereunder shall be solely in \[CITY\],
\[STATE\]. ]{.underline}

1.  **[DELAY]{.underline}**

[No delay or failure on the part of the Company or the Optionee in the
exercise of any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by any of them of any
right, power or remedy preclude other or further exercise thereof, or
the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.]{.underline}

1.  **[RESTRICTIONS]{.underline}**

[Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Optionee understands
and agrees that Optionee shall not dispose of any of the Shares, whether
by sale, exchange, assignment, transfer, gift, devise, bequest,
mortgage, pledge, encumbrance or otherwise, except in accordance with
the terms and conditions of this SectionÂ 18, and Optionee shall not take
or omit any action which will impair the absolute and unrestricted
right, power, authority and capacity of Optionee to sell Shares in
accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.]{.underline}

[Any purported transfer of Shares by Optionee that violates any
provision of this SectionÂ 18 shall be wholly void and ineffectual and
shall give to the Company or its designee the right to purchase from
Optionee all but not less than all of the Shares then owned by Optionee
for a period of \[NUMBER\] days from the date the Company first learns
of the purported transfer at the Agreement Price and on the Agreement
Terms. If the Shares are not purchased by the Company or its designee,
the purported transfer thereof shall remain void and ineffectual and
they shall continue to be subject to this Agreement.]{.underline}

[The Company shall not cause or permit the transfer of any Shares to be
made on its books except in accordance with the terms
hereof.]{.underline}

**[a. ]{.underline}[1)]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Permitted
Transfers]{.underline}**

i.  [Optionee may sell, assign or transfer any Shares held by the
    Optionee but only by complying with the provisions of subsection
    (b)(1) of this SectionÂ 18.]{.underline}

ii. [Optionee may sell, assign or transfer any Shares held by the
    Optionee without complying with the provisions of subsection (b)(1)
    by obtaining the prior written consent of the Company\'s
    shareholders owning \[%\] of the then issued and outstanding shares
    of the Company\'s Common Stock (determined on a fully diluted basis)
    or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the
    Company, provided that the transferee agrees in writing to be bound
    by the provisions of this Option and the transfer is made in
    accordance with any other restrictions or conditions contained in
    the written consent and in accordance with applicable federal and
    state securities laws.]{.underline}

iii. [Upon the death of Optionee, Shares held by the Optionee may be
     transferred to the personal representative of the Optionee\'s
     estate without complying with the provisions of subsection (b)(1).
     Shares so transferred shall be subject to the other provisions of
     this Option, including in particular subsection
     (b)(2).]{.underline}

**[a. ]{.underline}[2)]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[No
Pledge]{.underline}**

[Unless a majority of the members of the Board of Directors consent,
Shares may not be pledged, mortgaged or otherwise encumbered to secure
indebtedness for money borrowed or any other obligation for which the
Optionee is primarily or secondarily liable.]{.underline}

**[a. 3) ]{.underline}[Stock Certificate Legend]{.underline}**

[Each stock certificate for Shares issued to the Optionee shall have
conspicuously written, printed, typed or stamped upon the face thereof,
or upon the reverse thereof with a conspicuous reference on the face
thereof, one or both of the following legend:]{.underline}

i.  [THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ISSUED WITHOUT
    REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY
    NOT BE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION THEREUNDER OR AN
    APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT.
    SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, OR OTHERWISE
    DISPOSED OF IN ANY MANNER EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND SUBJECT TO
    THE TERMS OF THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE
    AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE COMPANY. UNLESS A MAJORITY OF THE
    MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONSENT, SUCH STOCK OPTION
    AGREEMENT PROHIBITS ANY PLEDGE, MORTGAGE OR OTHER ENCUMBRANCE OF
    SUCH SHARES TO SECURE ANY OBLIGATION OF THE HOLDER HEREOF. EVERY
    CREDITOR OF THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ANY PERSON ACQUIRING OR PURPORTING
    TO ACQUIRE THIS CERTIFICATE OR THE SHARES HEREBY EVIDENCED OR ANY
    INTEREST THEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED OF THE EXISTENCE OF SUCH STOCK
    OPTION AGREEMENT, AND ANY ACQUISITION OR PURPORTED ACQUISITION OF
    THIS CERTIFICATE OR THE SHARES HEREBY EVIDENCED OR ANY INTEREST
    THEREIN SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ALL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE
    PARTIES TO SUCH STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT AS THEREIN SET
    FORTH.]{.underline}

ii. [IT IS UNLAWFUL TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY,
    OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, OR TO RECEIVE ANY CONSIDERATION THEREFOR,
    WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF
    CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED IN THE
    COMMISSIONER\'S RULES.]{.underline}

**[b. 1) Sales of Shares]{.underline}**

i.  [Company\'s Right of First Refusal. In the event that the Optionee
    shall desire to sell, assign or transfer any Shares held by the
    Optionee to any other person (the \"Offered Shares\") and shall be
    in receipt of a bona fide offer to purchase the Offered Shares
    (\"Offer\"), the following procedure shall apply. The Optionee shall
    give to the Company written notice containing the terms and
    conditions of the Offer, including, but not limited to (a) the
    number of Offered Shares; (b) the price per Share; (c) the method of
    payment; and (d) the name(s) of the proposed
    purchaser(s).]{.underline}

[An offer shall not be deemed bona fide unless the Optionee has informed
the prospective purchaser of the Optionee\'s obligation under this
Option and the prospective purchaser has agreed to become a party
hereunder and to be bound hereby. The Company is entitled to take such
steps as it reasonably may deem necessary to determine the validity and
bona fide nature of the Offer.]{.underline}

[Until \[NUMBER\] days after such notice is given, the Company or its
designee shall have the right to purchase all of the Offered Shares at
the price offered by the prospective purchaser and specified in such
notice. Such purchase shall be on the Agreement Terms, as defined in
subsection (b)(4).]{.underline}

i.  [Failure of Company or its Designee to Purchase Offered Shares. If
    all of the Offered Shares are not purchased by the Company and/or
    its designee within the \[NUMBER\]âday period granted for such
    purchases, then any remaining Offered Shares may be sold, assigned
    or transferred pursuant to the Offer; provided, that the Offered
    Shares are so transferred within \[NUMBER\] days of the expiration
    of the \[NUMBER\]âday period to the person or persons named in, and
    under the terms and conditions of, the bona fide Offer described in
    the notice to the Company; and provided further, that such persons
    agree to execute and deliver to the Company a written agreement, in
    form and content satisfactory to the Company, agreeing to be bound
    by the terms and conditions of this Option.]{.underline}

[ ]{.underline}**[b]{.underline}[. ]{.underline}[2)]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[Manner of Exercise]{.underline}**

[Any right to purchase hereunder shall be exercised by giving written
notice of election to the Optionee, the Optionee\'s personal
representative or any other selling person, as the case may be, prior to
the expiration of such right to purchase.]{.underline}

**[ ]{.underline}[b]{.underline}[. ]{.underline}[3)]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[Agreement Price]{.underline}**

[The \"Agreement Price\" shall be the higher of (A) the fair market
value of the Shares to be purchased determined in good faith by the
Board of Directors of the Company and (B) the original exercise price of
the Shares to be purchased.]{.underline}

**[ ]{.underline}[b. 4)]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Agreement
Terms]{.underline}**

[\"Agreement Terms\" shall mean and include the following:]{.underline}

i.  [Delivery of Shares and Closing Date. At the closing, the Optionee,
    the Optionee\'s personal representative or such other selling
    person, as the case may be, shall deliver certificates representing
    the Shares, properly endorsed for transfer, and with the necessary
    documentary and transfer tax stamps, if any, affixed, to the
    purchaser of such Shares. Payment of the purchase price therefore
    shall concurrently be made to the Optionee, the Optionee\'s personal
    representative or such other selling person, as provided in
    subsection (ii) of this subsection (b)(4). Such delivery and payment
    shall be made at the principal office of the Company or at such
    other place as the parties mutually agree.]{.underline}

ii. [Payment of Purchase Price. The Company shall pay the purchase price
    to the Optionee at the closing.]{.underline}

**[b]{.underline}[. ]{.underline}[5)]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Right
to Purchase Upon Certain Other Events]{.underline}**

[The Company or its designee shall have the right to purchase all, but
not less than all, of the Shares held by the Optionee at the Agreement
Price and on the Agreement Terms for a period of \[NUMBER\] days after
any of the following events:]{.underline}

i.  [an attempt by a creditor to levy upon or sell any of the
    Optionee\'s Shares;]{.underline}

ii. [the filing of a petition by the Optionee under the \[COUNTRY\]
    Bankruptcy Code or any insolvency laws;]{.underline}

iii. [the filing of a petition against Optionee under any insolvency or
     bankruptcy laws by any creditor of the Optionee if such petition is
     not dismissed within \[NUMBER\]Â days of filing;]{.underline}

iv. [the entry of a decree of divorce between the Optionee and the
    Optionee\'s spouse; or]{.underline}

v.  [If Optionee is an employee of the Company, upon the termination of
    Optionee\'s services as an employee.]{.underline}

[The Optionee shall provide the Company written notice of the occurrence
of any such event within \[NUMBER\] days of such event.]{.underline}

**[ ]{.underline}[c. 1)]{.underline}[
]{.underline}[Termination]{.underline}**

[The provisions of this SectionÂ 18 shall terminate and all rights of
each such party hereunder shall cease except for those which shall have
theretofore accrued upon the occurrence of any of the following
events:]{.underline}

i.  [cessation of the Company\'s business;]{.underline}

ii. [bankruptcy, receivership or dissolution of the
    Company;]{.underline}

iii. [ownership of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the
     Company by a single shareholder of the Company;]{.underline}

iv. [written consent or agreement of the shareholders of the Company
    holding 50% of the then issued and outstanding shares of the
    Company; ]{.underline}

v.  [consent or agreement of a majority of the members of the Board of
    Directors of the Company; or]{.underline}

vi. [registration of any class of equity securities of the Company
    pursuant to SectionÂ \[NUMBER\] of the \[ACT\], as
    amended.]{.underline}

**[c. 2)]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}[Amendment]{.underline}**

[This SectionÂ 18 may be modified or amended in whole or in part by a
written instrument signed by shareholders of the Company holding \[%\]
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or a majority of the members
of the Board of Directors of the Company.]{.underline}

1.  **[MARKET STANDOFF]{.underline}**

[Unless the Board of Directors otherwise consents, Optionee agrees
hereby not to sell or otherwise transfer any Shares or other securities
of the Company during the \[NUMBER\]âday period following the effective
date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Act;
provided, however, that such restriction shall apply only to the first
two registration statements of the Company to become effective under the
Act which includes securities to be sold on behalf of the Company to the
public in an underwritten public offering under the Act. The Company may
impose stopâtransfer instructions with respect to securities subject to
the foregoing restrictions until the end of such \[NUMBER\]âday
period.]{.underline}

1.  **[COMPLETE AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

[This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all other prior or
contemporaneous agreements and understandings both oral or written;
subject, however, that in the event of any conflict between this
Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. This Agreement may only
be amended in a writing signed by the Company and the
Optionee.]{.underline}

1.  **[PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP]{.underline}**

[Participant shall not have any of the rights of a shareholder with
respect to any Shares until Optionee exercises the Option and pay the
Exercise Price. ]{.underline}

1.  **[NOTICES]{.underline}**

[Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the
terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the
Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate offices.
Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be in
writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated above or to
such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to
tome to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to have been given or
delivered upon: personal delivery; \[NUMBER\] days after deposit in the
\[COUNTRY\] mail by certified or registered mail (return receipt
requested); \[NUMBER\] business day after deposit with any return
receipt express courier (prepaid); or \[NUMBER\] business day after
transmission by fax.]{.underline}

[DATE OF GRANT: \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[\[NAME OF CORPORATION\]]{.underline}

[NAME AND TITLE]{.underline}

[OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO
SECTIONÂ 3 HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE OR
CONSULTANT AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING
HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER).
OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION, THE
COMPANY\'S PLAN WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH
HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED
ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE OR CONSULTANT FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY
PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH OPTIONEE\'S RIGHT OR THE
COMPANY\'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE OPTIONEE\'S EMPLOYMENT OR CONSULTING
RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.]{.underline}

[Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, represents that
Optionee is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby
accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof.
Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option in their entirety, has
had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing
this Option and fully understands all provisions of this Option.
Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all
decisions or interpretations of the Board or of the Committee upon any
questions arising under the Plan.]{.underline}

[Dated: \[DATE\]]{.underline}

[OPTIONEE]{.underline}

**[CONSENT OF SPOUSE]{.underline}**

[The undersigned spouse of the Optionee to the foregoing Stock Option
Agreement acknowledges on his or her own behalf that: I have read the
foregoing Stock Option Agreement and I know its contents. I hereby
consent to and approve of the provisions of the Stock Option Agreement,
and agree that the Shares issued upon exercise of the options covered
thereby and my interest in them are subject to the provisions of the
Stock Option Agreement and that I will take no action at any time to
hinder operation of the Stock Option Agreement on those Shares or my
interest in them.]{.underline}

[NAME OF SPOUSE]{.underline}

[\[ADDRESS\], \[CITY\], \[STATE\], \[ZIP\]]{.underline}

[(SEAL)]{.underline}
