## PERSONAL FLEXIBILITY SKILLS TEST

### Are You Ready for Change?

These sample questions come from one of several tools that we use in our
assessment and development programs. The focus of this particular tool
is on development. Each of the questions represent different types of
actions you must take in your career and/or job, and relates to the
business situation you might use. Within each section (A, B, C, and D),
read the questions and choose the one response which most closely
describes your behavior. To receive results, you must respond to every
section (a total of four sections). Your feedback results will be more
accurate and helpful if you are as truthful as possible. If you rate
yourself at or beyond the midpoint, \"a 3, 4 or 5\", on any section, you
should be able to describe and document an example of how and when you
performed the activity.

**Maximum score of 20: (4 sections) X (5 points per section) **

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **SECTION A: Willingness and Ability to Change your Position on Issues**   
                                                                             
  **Points**                                                                 
                                                                             
  1                                                                          I am usually willing to change my mind when the majority of the group disagrees with me.
  2                                                                          I modify my stance on issues when doing so would benefit others with whom I am associated.
  3                                                                          I stay informed of various positions and scenarios and make changes as they are needed.
  4                                                                          I quickly modify my stance when there is new and valid information.
  5                                                                          I maintain or alter my position by considering how information and resources apply to situations.
                                                                             
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ----------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **SECTION B: Willingness and Ability to Initiate Action**   
                                                              
  **Points **                                                 
                                                              
  1                                                           In most situations I seek additional information before choosing a course of action.
  2                                                           I insist on finishing all currently scheduled tasks before initiating action on additional work.
  3                                                           In unfamiliar situations, I readily seek assistance before taking action.
  4                                                           In most situations, I initiate action with just the immediately available information and resources.
  5                                                           I willingly consider and examine different methods to accomplish objectives.
                                                              
  ----------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **SECTION C: Willingness and Ability to Make Decisions**     
                                                               
  **Points **                                                  
                                                               
  1                                                            In unfamiliar situations I reach conclusions only after thoroughly studying the available information and resources.
  2                                                            I reanalyze all available information when presented with new, valid perspectives.
  3                                                            In new situations, I act only after considering possible outcomes and preparing to deal with contingencies.
  4                                                            I readily seek alternatives to ensure that I can make valid decisions.
  5                                                            I maintain or alter decisions by considering how information and resources apply to situations.
                                                               
  **SECTION D: Willingness and Ability to Work with Others**   
                                                               
  **Points **                                                  
                                                               
  1                                                            In difficult situations I almost always find that it is best to take the path of least resistance.
  2                                                            I consider others\' views once they can provide me with all possible information and resources.
  3                                                            I seek others\' input to support my decisions or suggested changes.
  4                                                            I actively seek opportunities to neutralize or turnaround difficult challenges.
  5                                                            I frequently offer effective ideas to others despite possible resistance or risks.
                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**TOTAL POINTS: [ ]{.underline}[ ]{.underline}**

**Based on your responses, your current readiness for change appears to
be:**

**17-20**: Congratulations! You are ready now to deal with all expected
and most unexpected changes. This score places you at the **Expert
Level** meaning that you are extremely effective at managing change and
leading individual, team, and organization change processes. At this
level you are quite capable of helping individuals and teams effectively
respond to change. Although you have few development needs, you will
benefit from efforts to find additional opportunities to extend your
Personal Flexibility strengths. We hope that you will continue your
self-guiding and learning process.

**12-16**: Solid Performance. You are ready now to deal with routine,
expected changes. This score places you at the **Experienced Level
**meaning that you are good at managing change and working effectively
with individuals and teams to incorporate new processes within your area
of responsibility or expertise. At this level you work confidently with
others to adjust to new situations and to improve individual and team
performance. You have some development needs but, with a persistent and
focused developmental effort, you will see marked improvement and you
will be ready to advance to the next level when the opportunity arises.

**4-11**: Significant Development Needs. You are ready now to learn more
about dealing with expected and unexpected changes. This score places
you at the **Entry Level** meaning that you have a ways to go before you
are considered effective at managing change and working effectively with
individuals, teams, and organizations in new programs and situations. At
this level you work hard and focus on ensuring current work procedures
are followed. However, you are more reactive than proactive in dealing
with your work environment and market changes. Although you have many
development needs, you will benefit from pinpointing one or two areas
for development which will help you focus and achieve better results
faster.

**Note:** If you scored yourself particularly high or low in any one of
the four sections, you may want to validate this finding by asking your
coworkers or staff to evaluate and document your performance using this
same assessment tool. For example, if you scored yourself low in
\"Working with Others\", ask your staff or team whether or not they
perceive you as slow or unwilling to seek and consider their input when
experiencing change. If they do not validate your self-evaluation, ask
them to explain their evaluation or to give you more information.

Being ready for change is a CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTOR and is recognized as
important for success in today\'s challenging and re-engineered work
environment.
