**MARKET STUDY: \[TITLE\]**

Prepared for:

**\[COMPANY\]**

Prepared by:

\[DATE\]

**MARKET STUDY OUTLINE**

**1. INTRODUCTION**

# A. OBJECTIVE

This report contains the results of a market study conducted by
\[MARKETING FIRM\] and designed to identify the general characteristics
and sizes of, and trends within, the markets for \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\].
These markets include those that relate to \[SPECIFY\]. In particular,
the study sought to characterize and quantify trends that are relevant
to \[COMPANY\]\'s \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\], as well as those that relate to
associated subsectors of the consumer \[MARKETS\]. The survey is keyed
on the \[NUMBER\] primary markets for \[COMPANY\]\'s solution --
\[COUNTRIES\] -- but also includes limited information for other regions
of the world.

# B. APPROACH AND METHODOLY

For this task, \[MARKETING FIRM\] compiled and analyzed relevant market
and technology application information from a broad range of information
sources that are known to be applicable for the task objectives. These
sources include numerous market research and industry‑specific databases
accessible through commercial gateways, or \"portals,\" as well as some
that are accessible through the Internet. The specific sources included
databases developed by over a dozen respected global market research
firms (for example, \[NAMES\]), in addition to numerous trade-,
industry- and technology‑specific sources. For this task, \[MARKETING
FIRM\] expects to compile pertinent information extracts from numerous
published and unpublished reports for subsequent analysis.

\[MARKETING FIRM\]'s strategy has involved:

-   Developing search strategies that yield general market information
    and specific data elements relative to \[MARKETS\] in general, as
    well as to \[COMPANY\]\'s business model;

-   Converting these strategies to Boolean or other search command
    statements applicable to specific information sources;

-   Implementing the searches within the applicable databases;

-   Filtering and organizing the obtained information in a manner
    consistent with its end use;

-   Reconciling the differences in related data elements from the
    different sources;

-   Analyzing the resulting information relative to the study objective;

-   Presenting the resulting analytical output in a concise manner that
    is most informative to the client and potential investors.

**C. THE TEAM**

This study is the result of collaboration and combination of \[NAME\]
and \[NAME\]'s expertise and knowledge. The team members' detailed bios
are attached to this document for reference.

**2.** **EXECUTIVE SUMMARY**

In \[MONTH, YEAR\], \[MARKETING FIRM\] conducted an extensive market
research study to determine \[DESCRIBE\]. The study was designed to
address \[NUMBER\] key questions:

-   Who is the target market?

-   How big in terms of potential revenues is the target market?

-   What are the major distribution channels?

-   Which products/services do potential clients want?

-   How likely would potential clients be to buy these
    products/services?

-   How much will potential clients be likely to pay for
    products/services?

-   Who are the main competitors?

-   Are there barriers to market entry?

-   Do \[COMPANY\] has a competitive advantage?

This executive summary will address each of these questions. Following
the summary, detailed findings for each survey question are presented in
tabular format.

**MAJORS POINTS**

Overall reaction to the \[PRODUCT/SERVICE\] was very high, with nearly
\[%\] of the respondents indicating that they would be \"extremely
likely\" to use it; an additional \[%\] reported that they would be
\"very likely.\" While these interest levels were measured before
discussing pricing of the product/service, they do reflect a high
overall interest level.

The size of the markets for \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] is both difficult to
quantify and to forecast. By all estimates, however, the component
markets are substantial now and are expected to grow exponentially in
the next few years into billions of dollars. For \[COUNTRY\], estimates
of the market for \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] ranges from about \[AMOUNT\] to
\[AMOUNT\] this year, growing to \[AMOUNT\] by \[YEAR\]. The \[COUNTRY\]
market is estimated at about \[AMOUNT\] this year and growing to as much
as \[AMOUNT\] in \[YEAR\].

\[COMPANY\]\'s \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] appear to be particularly
well-suited to address this market need. The \[IDENTIFY POTENTIAL
CLIENTS AND PARTNERS\] all represent good candidates for profitable
relationships.

The enterprise market segment -- with its proven successful business
models -- represents another potentially lucrative opportunity for
companies that can effectively and efficiently facilitate \[DESCRIBE\].
\[COMPANY\]\'s solutions also appear to be particularly well-suited to
address this large market segment. Another category of potential
customers is represented by \[IDENTIFY\] who have yet to \[DESCRIBE\].

**3. PROBLEM DEFINITION**

In a world where customers make the rules, the organization of
information and knowledge has become the prime mover in creating
competitive advantage. Since we have entered into the information age,
market power has been rapidly shifting from sellers to buyers.
Nevertheless, there is still a lot to do regarding the management of
customer relationships in order to fulfill the widening chasm that
separates customers and marketers. Part of the solution may be to stop
to sell, and to empower customers to buy...

No one ever said consumerism was easy. At one end, the poor consumer
faces a bewildering array of goods and services. On the other, vendors
contend with a diverse and fragmented marketplace that makes finding the
right set of customers akin to finding the proverbial needle in the
haystack. And in between are the billions misspent on muffed purchases
and broken marketing campaigns that serve only to stuff mailboxes and
alienate the very customers that vendors are trying to attract. The
advent of the Internet has only intensified the problem by offering
consumers even greater choice, vendors more competition, and new
communication means to advertisers -- which is just more exasperating
consumers!

More specifically, the market study addresses:

\[DESCRIBE\]

The problem definition must state that sufficient potential demand
exists for \[COMPANY\]'s \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] as proposed.

**4. MARKET SIZE AND TRENDS**

**A. TARGET MARKET AREA DEFINITION**

The target market (TM) is defined as \[DESCRIBE\]. The analysis must
describe and justify the basis for defining the boundaries of the TM.
Use of complete demographic and geographical factors is definitely
encouraged. Secondary market areas may be delineated as a subset of the
entire market, though the study *must* include the basis for considering
the secondary market.

**5. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW AND CHARACTERISTICS**

Early technical and market developments as well as initial user
reactions already indicate that \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] has a significant
role to play in the advancement and evolution of \[MARKET\]. Early signs
are that \[MARKET\] will explode in the next years!

When \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] exploded in popularity, it was often
portrayed as competition for \[IDENTIFY\] for the attention of potential
clients. Now, however, as \[DESCRIBE\], it\'s becoming an alternative.
But \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] do more than just serve as \[DESCRIBE\].
Businesses are beginning to make greater use of \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\].
And new technology, services and tools are making it more useful in the
enterprise.

**6. MARKET POTENTIAL AND OPPORTUNITIES**

Clearly, \[PRODUCTS/SERVICES\] represent a major market opportunity for
companies like \[COMPANY\] who Have distinct competitive advantages. The
market is real today, and very likely to explode as \[DESCRIBE\]
accelerates over the next several years.

Most analysts predict that the preponderance of revenues over the next
several years will be mostly available to \[IDENTIFY\] like
\[COMPANIES\]. However, the \[IDENTIFY\] are currently scrambling for
position in the marketplace, incurring losses while investing heavily in
\[SPECIFY\] and experiencing pressures to consolidate. In addition,
since \[SPECIFY\] is currently not widely available, the preferences and
desires of the ultimate consumer (both individual and corporate) have
not been established. As a result, a successful business model has not
yet been demonstrated, and the analysts\' predictions as to the ultimate
distribution of revenues in the industry are therefore very tentative,
at best.

Nontheless, because of their head start in \[DESCRIBE\], and because of
their \[COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES\], these companies currently show the
best potential to monetize the latent business available from
\[IDENTIFY\]. Since they are relatively well capitalized and
consolidating, their market space will therefore be difficult for a new
company to \"crack.\" There does, however, appear to be a distinct
potential for \[TYPE OF\] companies like \[COMPANY\] [to partner with
\[IDENTIFY\]]{.underline} by providing stepwise solutions.

**DEMAND ANALYSIS**

Assumptions:

## Total market potential sales (in unit) X Penetration rate X Price per unit = Total potential revenue/year**7. RISKS AND CHALLENGES**

Numerous risks and challenges exist for any company entering the
\[MARKET\]. Some of these include the following, most of which are
intuitively obvious:

Projections of growth are often based on optimistic projections by
research/analysis firms who depend on industry participants for their
revenues. We thus have no way of determining to what degree predictions
accommodate real world situations with their many variables. Because of
this consideration, the consensus of opinion may be overly optimistic
and the market may grow at a substantially slower pace.

To a large degree, growth of \[MARKET\] is dependent on the widespread
proliferation of \[IDENTIFY\]. While this also appears to be a
certainty, external factors could intervene and limit the ability of the
providers to meet their goals. Similarly, projections of deployment and
penetration also are uncertain because of the analyst‑industry
relationships.

The revenue and income potential of the business and market is unproven.
While there are many current participants, most are losing money as they
scramble to develop products, services, infrastructure and market share.
Since the market is continuing to develop and evolve, it is difficult to
determine what business model(s) will be successful.

The market can be characterized now as new, intensely competitive,
highly fragmented and rapidly changing, and it is likely to continue to
be so for some time. These characteristics generally favor
well‑capitalized companies, of which there are several. They also favor
companies with established brands and capabilities

# 8. COMPANIES AND PRODUCTS IN THE MARKET

Most of the major \"players\" in the market are identified in Appendice
A. Of those identified in this latter section, the following companies
appear to be the main competitors for \[COMPANY\]:

\[LIST MAJOR COMPETITORS\]

**9. CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION **

The analysis *must* state professional opinion, regarding the subject
development feasibility from a market perspective, and what effect the
products/services would have on the existing market.

The analysis *must* specify the absorption period and time needed to
reach market maturity.

The analysis *must* determine appropriate market shares for the proposed
products/services. The market study should indicate under what
conditions, if any, the market penetration would become feasible.
