# Ad or other Media Agency Agreement

This Agency Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective this
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between (\"Agency\")
and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Your Firm) ("Media
User").

Agency is in the business of providing media agency services for a fee.

Media User desires to engage Agency to render, and Agency desires to
render to Media User, certain Agency services, all as set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants
herein

contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1\. [Engagement]{.underline}.

Media User engages Agency to render, and Agency agrees to render to
Media User, services in connection with Media User\'s planning,
preparing and placing of advertising and other media services for
certain of Media User\'s products as follows:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A. Analyze Media User\'s current and proposed products and services and
presentations and potential markets.

B. Create, prepare and submit to Media User for its prior approval
advertising ideas, media suggestions, and other such related programs.

C. Prepare and submit to Media User for its prior approval estimates of
costs and expenses associated with proposed advertising ideas and
programs prior to any such implementation or financial commitment.

D. Design and prepare, or arrange for the design and preparation of
advertisements, public relations, and other such materials.

E. Perform such other services as Media User may request from time to
time such as, but not limited to, direct mail ad preparations, speech
writing, publicity and public relations work, market research and
analysis, and other similar and related activities.

F. Order advertising space,** **time or other means to be used for
publication of Media User\'s advertisements, at all times endeavoring to
secure the most efficient and advantageous rates available. All such
activities to be approved in advance by the Media User unless otherwise
written and stipulated.

G. Proof for accuracy and completeness of insertions, displays,
broadcasts, or other forms of advertisements.

H. Audit invoices for proper and agreed upon space, time, material
preparation and charges.

2\. [Products]{.underline}.

Agency\'s engagement shall relate to the following products and services
of Media User:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

3\. [Exclusivity]{.underline}.

Agency shall be the Agency in the United States and worldwide for Media
User with respect to the products described in Section 2 above, unless
otherwise specified in this section:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

4\. [Compensation]{.underline}.

A. Agency shall receive an amount equal to \_\_\_ percentage of the
gross charges levied by media for advertising placed by Agency pursuant
to this Agreement; and after volume discount, of the charges of
suppliers of services or properties, such as finished art, comprehensive
layouts, type composition, photostats, engravings, printing, radio and
television programs, talent, literary, dramatic and musical works,
records and exhibits, purchased by Agency on Media User\'s authorization
during the term of this Agreement; provided that: No percentage will be
added to Agency charges for packing, shipping, express, postage,
telephone, telex, fax, travel expenses and other out of pocket expenses
of Agency personnel.

B. For those items where Agency is not compensated on a commission
basis, Media User shall pay Agency on an hourly basis for services
provided hereunder. The rate will be determined by the type of services
provided and the person or persons providing such services, but in no
event shall the rate exceed \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour. Media User may
elect in advance to be charged on this hourly rate basis. If Media User
fails to notify Agency of its choice, it shall be presumed that Media
User elected to be charged on a percentage basis.

C. In the event that Agency undertakes, at Media User\'s request subject
to Media User\'s prior approval, special projects such as those
described in Section I.F above, Agency shall prepare an estimate of
total charges for any such special project in advance, including any
charges for materials or services purchased from outside vendors. In the
event that Media User elects to proceed with the special project based
upon Agency\'s estimated cost, Agency shall perform the services with
respect to such special project at its estimated cost, subject to
modification as mutually agreed by the parties.

D. For any special project or other services provided by Agency pursuant
to this Agreement upon which the parties have not agreed as to charges,
Media User shall pay

Agency at its regular percentage rates, as stated in Section 4.A above.

E. Media User shall not be obligated to reimburse Agency for any travel
or other out-ofÂ­-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of services
pursuant to this Agreement unless expressly agreed by Media User in
advance.

5\. [Billing]{.underline}.

A. Agency shall invoice Media User for all media costs where possible in
advance of Agency\'s payment date to allow for prepayment by the Media
User so that Media User may receive the benefit of any available
prepayment or similar discount. For any media purchase or service for
which Agency is not entitled to a commission, Agency shall ensure that
the charges to Media User are net of all agency commissions and
discounts.

B. Charges for production materials and services shall be billed by
Agency upon completion of the production job or, if cash discounts are
available, upon receipt of the supplier\'s invoice.

C. On all outside purchases other than for media, Agency shall attach to
the invoice evidence of the supplier\'s charges.

D. All cash discounts on Agency\'s purchases including, but not limited
to, media, art, printing and mechanical work, shall be available to
Media User, provided that Media User meets Agency\'s requisite billing
terms and there is no outstanding undisputed indebtedness of Media User
to Agency at the time of the payment to the supplier.

E. Rate or billing adjustments shall be credited or charged to Media
User on the next regular invoice date or as soon thereafter as otherwise
practical.

F. Invoices shall be submitted in an itemized format and shall be paid
by Media User within sixty (60) days of the invoice date.

6\. [Competitors]{.underline}.

During the term of this Agreement, Agency shall not accept employment
from, render services to, represent or otherwise be affiliated with any
person, firm, corporation or entity in connection with any product or
service directly or indirectly competitive with or similar to any
product or service of Media User with respect to which the Agency is
providing any service pursuant to this Agreement, without the advance
approval of the Media User. Media User shall not unreasonably withhold
this approval.

7\. [Cost Estimates]{.underline}.

Agency shall not initiate billable work on any project pursuant to this
Agreement without first estimating costs for preparation, including
copy, service, layout, art, engraving, typography, processing, paste up
and production. After determining the estimated cost, completion of the
work shall be subject to Media User\'s prior approval.

8\. [Audit]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[Rights]{.underline}.

Agency agrees that following reasonable prior notice any and all
contracts, agreements, correspondence, books, accounts and other
information relating to Media User\'s business or this Agreement shall
be available for inspection by Media User and Media User\'s outside
accountants, at Media User\'s expense and during the normal business
hours of the Agency.

9.[Ownership and Use.]{.underline}

A. Agency shall insure, to the fullest extent possible under law, that
Media User shall own all right, title and interest in and to, including
copyrights, trade secret, patent and other intellectual property rights,
with respect to any copy, photograph, advertisement, music, lyrics,
video, or other work or thing created by Agency or at Agency\'s
direction for Media User pursuant to this Agreement and utilized by
Media User.

B. Upon termination, Media User agrees that any advertising,
merchandising, package, plan or idea prepared by Agency and submitted to
Media User (whether submitted separately or in conjunction with or as a
part of other material) which Media User has elected not to utilize,
shall remain the property of Agency, unless Media User has paid Agency
for its services in preparing such item. Media User agrees to return to
Agency any copy, artwork, plates or other physical embodiment of such
creative work relating to any such idea or plan which may be in Media
User\'s possession at termination or expiration of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding this, Media User has the unconditional right to pay for
any of these materials or activities at the rate agreed upon in this
Agreement and thereby these materials and activities would fall under
the Section 9.A ownership and use rights accruing to Media User.

C. Materials and advertisements created by Agency pursuant to this
Agreement may be used by Media User outside the United States without
additional compensation, provided that Media User shall be responsible
for any additional expense associated with such use, such as charges for
translation and amounts due talent.

IO. [Indemnification and Insurance]{.underline}.

A. Agency shall indemnify and hold Media User harmless with respect to
any claims, loss, suit, liability or judgment suffered by Media User,
including reasonable attorney\'s fees and costs, based upon or related
to any item prepared by Agency or at Agency\'s direction, including, but
not limited to, any claim of libel, slander, piracy, plagiarism,
invasion of privacy, or infringement of copyright or other intellectual
property interest, except where any such claim arises out of material
supplied by Media User and incorporated into any materials or
advertisement prepared by Agency. Agency agrees to procure and maintain
in force during the term of this Agreement, at Agency\'s expense, an
Agency liability policy or policies having a minimum limit of at least
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, naming Media User as an additional insured
and loss payee under such policy or policies.

B. Media User agrees to indemnify and hold Agency harmless with respect
to any claims, loss, liability, damage or judgment suffered by Agency,
including reasonable attorney\'s fees and court costs, which results
from the use by Agency of any material furnished by Media User or where
material created by Agency or at the direction of Agency subject to the
indemnification in subsection A. above is materially changed by Media
User. Information or data obtained by Agency from Media User to
substantiate claims made in advertising shall be deemed to be \"material
furnished by Media User to Agency.\"

C. In the event of any proceeding, litigation or suit against Media User
by** **any regulatory agency or in the event of any court action or
other proceeding challenging any advertising prepared by Agency, Agency
shall assist in the preparation of the defense of such action or
proceeding and cooperate with Media User and Media User\'s attorneys.

11\. [Term]{.underline}.

The term of this Agreement shall commence on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated by either
party upon at least sixty (60) days prior written notice, provided that
in no event (except breach) may this Agreement be terminated prior to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. The rights, duties and obligations of the parties
shall continue in full force during or following the period of the
termination notice until termination, including the ordering and billing
of advertising in media whose closing dates follow then such period.

12\. [Rights Upon Termination]{.underline}.

A. Upon termination of the Agreement, Agency shall transfer, assign and
make available to Media User all property and materials in Agency\'s
possession or subject to Agency\'s control that are the property of
Media User, subject to payment in full of amounts due pursuant to this
Agreement.

B. Upon termination, Agency agrees to provide reasonable cooperation in
arranging for the transfer or approval of third party\'s interest in all
contracts, agreements and other arrangements with advertising media,
suppliers, talent and others not then utilized, and all rights and
claims thereto and therein, following appropriate release from the
obligations therein.

13\. [Default]{.underline}.

In the event of any default of any material obligation by or owed by a
party pursuant to this Agreement, then the other party may provide
written notice of such default and if such default is not cured within
ten (IO) days of the written notice, then the nonÂ­defaulting party may
terminate this Agreement. In addition, the only damages collectible by
Agency shall be the exact amounts due; no other damages, for any reason
whatsoever, may be assessed against Media User including, but limited
to, punitive damages and unreasonable termination charges, and any other
such claim. This provision shall be broadly interpreted in the favor of
the Media User by any Court of competent jurisdiction.

14\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or by postage prepaid, or recognized overnight
delivery services such as Federal Express.

If to Media User: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

If to Agency: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

15\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}**.**

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

16\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

17\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute under this
Agreement must be brought in this venue and in no other.

In Witness whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Agency Media User

Ad or Media Agency Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and to assist you in completing it.

1.  This Agreement is primarily of benefit to the Agency. As a result,
    you as the Media User should be able to exact substantially better
    terms for your company in return for making this medium or long-term
    agreement. Favorable terms should apply to getting as many extra
    services at no or minimal charges, as well as negotiating a
    favorable hourly or percentage rate. You should review this exercise
    as no different than in negotiating terms with any outside vendor
    when predictability, volume, and a long-term agreement are of
    substantial value to them with all of their customers.

2.  If you can not obtain favorable terms, you should consider tabling
    the Agreement other than to assure that all materials involving them
    are out rightly owned by your company with no further payments due
    them. This Agreement has provisions that apply to this concern and
    can be extracted from it for your firm's benefit.

3.  Each party should review the terms of the Agency Agreement to make
    sure you are both comfortable with all of the provisions,
    particularly concerning:

Agency\'s dealings with other companies

Media User's dealings with other agencies

Ownership of advertisements and other materials

1.  As a practical matter, print at least two copies and have them
    signed in the original so both parties have an original for their
    records.

2.  Laws do vary somewhat from state to stat and are modified by both
    statute and legal precedent over time. This is always a good reason
    to have a lawyer review any agreement, including this one, for
    hidden problems.
