Cancellation of Order, Goods Not Received

Dear

Pursuant to our purchase order #: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ dated
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, our Company agreed to purchase certain
goods and/or services. However, our Company has not received the goods
and/or services as of the cancellation date and therefore gives you
final notice of cancellation of this purchase order. .

This cancellation does not affect any other purchase orders our Company
has with you. Should you have any questions, please contact at us at our
address.

Yours very truly,

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Authorized Employee

Cancellation of Order, Goods Not Received

Review list

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. A buyer\'s right to cancel a contract for goods is determined by the
contract and the law. The governing law in most states is the Uniform
Commercial Code (UCC). Make sure that you are legally entitled to cancel
the contract before sending this notice. The best grounds available
under the UCC are time specific ones, such as going past a cancellation
date. If the goods are not made for your specific use, this is notice is
usually enough to end the issue. If the goods are made to your specific
specification, and the Seller has nowhere else to sell them, then you
have a more troubling issue that good negotiations can usually resolve.
This is the most benign kind of notice because it merely cancels this
one order but does not affect others or disrupt the overall
relationship.

2\. This notice is typically sent when the goods called for in the
contract are not delivered. If the goods were received but do not
conform to the contract, you should send our Rejection of Non-Conforming
Goods Notice. This Notice must be sent timely to ensure the buyer\'s
rights and remedies are not lost. The term of art is that both parties
must act properly to mitigate, or lessen, each other's potential losses.
This is a good faith common sense approach that Courts vigorously review
should litigation occur (e.g., "Did the party or parties act reasonably
to protect the interests of the other?" And so on and so on).

3\. This notice is designed for use with the purchase of \"goods\"
(i.e., tangible personal property such furniture, supplies and other
such items). It does not include real estate or intangible property
(i.e., copyrights, software and other intellectual property).

4\. Keep a copy of this letter in your Vendor file. Frequent requirement
to use this letter should suggest seeking another vendor to fulfill your
business requirements and provides evidence of bad performance on their
part for any legal ramifications that may arise out of their attempt to
make late deliveries. As a practical matter, you can often use this
letter to obtain extended payment terms in return for you accepting late
goods, assuming you can use them. Occasionally, you can often get a
price concession for acceptance of late goods.
