# Consulting Agreement

# Consulting Agreement

This Consulting Agreement is made on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
by and between \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Consultant") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Customer").

Whereas Customer requires certain services Consultant can provide, and
Consultant wishes to provide services to Customer, the parties agree as
follows:

1.  [Description of Services]{.underline}. Starting on
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Date"), Consultant shall provide the
    following services ("Services) for Customer:
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

2\. [Performance of Services]{.underline}. The manner in which the
Services are to be performed and the hours to be worked by Consultant
shall be determined by Customer. Consultant shall get prior approval
from Customer for the hours to be worked and billed by Consultant.

3\. [Expense Reimbursement]{.underline}. Consultant shall get prior
approval for the kinds, types, and amounts of expenses to be reimbursed,
if any, by the Customer.

4\. [Payment]{.underline}. Customer will pay Consultant bi-weekly for
Services performed and Expenses incurred according to this Agreement.

5.  [Support Services by Customer]{.underline}. Customer shall provide
    the following support staff, office space, and services support to
    Consultant while on Customer premises ("Premises"):
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

6\. [Termination]{.underline}. Either party may terminate this Agreement
at any time, with or without cause.

7\. [Relationship of the Parties]{.underline}. Consultant is an
independent contractor with respect to, and not an employee of,
Customer. Therefore, Customer is not responsible for providing any
fringe benefits to Consultant including, but not limited to, health
insurance, paid vacation, or any other employee benefit.

8\. [Disclosure]{.underline}. Consultant must disclose any outside
activities or interests, including ownership or participation in the
development of prior inventions, that conflict or may conflict with the
best interests of Customer. Prompt disclosure is required under this
paragraph if the activity or interest is related, directly or
indirectly, to the business of Customer.

9\. [Employees]{.underline}. Consultant's employees, if any, who perform
services for Customer under this Agreement, directly or indirectly,
shall also be bound by the provisions of this Agreement. Consultant
shall make take all necessary steps to effect compliance with this
condition of the Agreement.

10\. [Insurance]{.underline}. Consultant shall obtain all necessary
insurance and other benefits required by law for its employees or
subcontractors. Consultant shall show such evidence to Customer prior to
beginning work on Customer's premises.

11\. [Assignment]{.underline}. Consultant\'s obligations under this
Agreement may not be assigned or transferred to any other person, firm,
or corporation without the prior written consent of Customer. This
consent may be withheld for any reason whatsoever.

12\. [Intellectual Property]{.underline}. The following provisions shall
apply with respect to copyrightable works, ideas, discoveries,
inventions, applications for patents, and patents (collectively,
\"Intellectual Property\"):

A. Consultant\'s Intellectual Property. Interest in the Intellectual
Property that is described on the attached Exhibit 1 is not subject to
this Agreement.

B. [Development of Intellectual Property]{.underline}. Any improvements
to Intellectual Property items listed on Exhibit 1, further inventions
or improvements, and any new items of Intellectual Property discovered
or developed by Consultant or their Employees, if any, during the term
of this Agreement shall be the property of Customer. Consultant shall
sign all documents necessary to perfect the rights of in such
Intellectual Property, including the filing and/or prosecution of any
applications for copyrights or patents. Upon request, Consultant shall
sign all documents necessary to assign the rights to such Intellectual
Property to Customer.

13\. [Confidentiality]{.underline}. Consultant recognizes that Customer
will disclose certain proprietary information of a broad nature.
Consultant agrees to hold all such information in confidence by itself,
and by its employees, if any. This clause shall be interpreted broadly
in favor of the Customer.

14\. [Unauthorized Disclosure of Confidential or other
Information]{.underline}. If it appears that Consultant has disclosed,
or threatened disclosure, of Information in violation of this Agreement,
Customer shall be entitled to an injunction to restrain Consultant or
any of its employees, if any, from disclosing, in whole or in part, such
Information, or from providing any services to any party to whom such
Information has been disclosed or may be disclosed. Customer shall not
be prohibited by this provision from pursuing other remedies, including
a claim for losses and damages.

15\. [Confidentiality after Termination]{.underline}. The
confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions of this Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect after the termination of this Agreement.

16\. [Return of Records]{.underline}. Upon termination of this
Agreement, Consultant shall deliver all records, notes, memos, email,
equipment, and any other related materials to Customer. Consultant will
eliminate, erase, and otherwise dispose of any copies under its, or its
employees, if any, possession, custody, or control.

17\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Consultant:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Customer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

18\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

19\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

20\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

21\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

22\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Customer Consultant

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Consulting Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Customers should always get
a consulting agreement signed to limit their exposure to expense and
disclosure of confidential information. If the consultant will not sign
such an Agreement, don't do the deal. If you are a consultant, a signed
deal can benefit you to get terms and conditions agreed to so you can be
assured of proper payment and treatment on the job.

1.  Sign in multiple copies. Keep one copy with your file for the other
    party.

2.  If Consultant only has one or two employees/contractors, get them to
    sign this Agreement as well. If you are the Consultant, you are well
    advised to get your employees/contractors to sign this Agreement so
    they are bound by its terms as well---and you are not left holding
    the proverbial "bag" should something go wrong.

3.  This is a form of well care that will serve you well over time if
    you get these agreements signed on a regular basis.
