## Exclusive Distributor Agreement

This Exclusive Distributorship Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and
effective this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
(\"Distributor\") \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name
and Address) and (\"Manufacturer\")
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Name and Address). Manufacturer desires to appoint Distributor, and
Distributor desires to accept appointment, as an exclusive distributor
of Manufacturer\'s products within a defined area as set forth herein.

Therefore, in consideration of the mutual agreements and promises set
forth herein, it is agreed:

1\. [Rights Granted]{.underline}.

Manufacturer hereby grants to Distributor the exclusive right, on the
terms and conditions set forth herein, to purchase, inventory, promote
and resell \"Manufacturer\'s Products\" (as defined below) within the
following area (the \"Territory\"): Nothing herein shall prevent or
prohibit Manufacturer from selling any of Manufacturer\'s Products
directly to the customers and other distributors in territories as
defined as follows:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

2\. [Products]{.underline}.

The term \"Manufacturer\'s Products,\" in this Agreement, shall mean the
products, related service parts and accessories manufactured and/or sold
by Manufacturer as follows:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

3\. [Terms]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[of Sale]{.underline}.

All sales of Manufacturer\'s Products to Distributor shall be made
pursuant to this Agreement at such prices and on such terms, as
Manufacturer shall establish from time to time with at least thirty (30)
days written notice. All prices are FOB Manufacturer\'s plant or
warehouse location, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement. Risk of
loss due to damage or destruction of Manufacturer\'s Products shall be
the responsibility of the Distributor after delivery to the carrier for
shipment. Manufacturer will select the shipper unless Distributor
requests a reasonable alternative. All orders are subject to acceptance
by Manufacturer. Except as otherwise expressly agreed by Manufacturer in
advance, this Agreement shall control all aspects of the dealings
between the parties with respect to the Manufacturer\'s Products and any
additional or different terms in any Distributor order are hereby
rejected unless the parties specifically agree to them in advance of
shipment and mutually sign another agreement to that effect.

4\. [Payment]{.underline}.

Distributor shall pay all charges due hereunder within thirty (30) days
after the date of Manufacturer\'s invoice. Payment shall be made as
shown on the invoice. Manufacturer may impose a late payment charge of
one percent (I.5%) per month on any overdue unpaid balances.

5\. [Marketing Policies]{.underline}.

Distributor will at all times maintain adequate inventories of
Manufacturer\'s Products and

will promote vigorously and effectively the sale of Manufacturer\'s
Products through all channels of distribution prevailing in the
Territory, in conformity with Manufacturer\'s established marketing
policies and programs. Distributor will use its best efforts to sell
Manufacturer\'s Products to aggressive, reputable, and financially
responsible dealers providing satisfactory consumer service throughout
Distributor\'s primary marketing area. Distributor is authorized to
enter into written agreements with its dealers relating to the purchase,
resale and service of Manufacturer\'s Products on forms approved by
Manufacturer for this purpose. The risk of collection from dealers,
however, is entirely the risk undertaken by the Distributor. The
Distributor may not, under any circumstances, chargeback Manufacturer
for unpaid invoices by a dealer or dealers.

6\. [Distributor\'s General Duties]{.underline}.

A.  Distributor shall maintain a place of business in the Territory,
    including suitable

showroom facilities to display Manufacturer\'s Products. Distributor
shall provide

maintenance service on Manufacturer\'s Products sold in the Territory,
using

qualified personnel and subject to service policies satisfactory to
Manufacturer.

B.  Distributor shall hire sales personnel or appoint representatives to
    introduce, promote, market and sell Manufacturer\'s Products in the
    Territory. Distributor shall adequately train such personnel and/or
    representatives. Distributor shall employ sufficient numbers of
    sales personnel and/or representatives to market Manufacturer\'s
    Products in the Territory.

C.  Distributor agrees not to engage in the distribution promotion,
    marketing or sale

of any goods or products that compete or conflict with Manufacturer\'s
Products. Distributor agrees to supply to Manufacturer a list of items
handled by Distributor following Manufacturer\'s request to ensure that
no conflict exists.

7\. [Sales Policies]{.underline}.

A.  Sales quotas, giving reasonable regard to past performance and
    market potential of the manufacturer\'s Products, may be established
    by Manufacturer from time to time. Distributor agrees to employ
    sales personnel of demonstrated capacity to attain such quotas and
    consents to rewards directly to such personnel by Manufacturer in
    recognition of superior performance.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  Manufacturer will provide Distributor with merchandising assistance
    from time to time in the form of advertising programs, product and
    sales training, and field sales assistance.

B.  Distributor agrees to use such assistance in carrying out
    Manufacturer\'s merchandising and sales promotion policies.

8\. [Advertising Policies]{.underline}.

Manufacturer will cooperate with Distributor and its dealers in
providing for continuous and effective advertising and promotion of
Manufacturer\'s Products throughout the Territory, and Distributor
agrees at Distributor\'s expense to participate in, actively promote and
faithfully comply with the terms and conditions of such cooperative
advertising and merchandising programs as Manufacturer may establish and
offer to Distributor from time to time. Nothing herein shall prevent
Distributor from separately advertising and marketing the
Manufacturer\'s Products within the Territory, provided the form and
content of the advertising or marketing materials are approved by
Manufacturer in advance.

9\. [Warranty Policies]{.underline}.

If any of Manufacturer\'s Products are proven to Manufacturer\'s
satisfaction to have been defective at time of sale to Distributor,
Manufacturer will make an appropriate adjustment in the original sales
price of such product or, at Manufacturer\'s election, replace the
defective product. Manufacturer shall provide to Distributor information
with respect to Manufacturer\'s limited warranty extended to the
original consumer of Manufacturer\'s Products. MANUFACTURER MAKES NO
WARRANTY TO DISTRIBUTOR, OR ITS CUSTOMERS, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

10\. [Indemnification]{.underline}.

A.  Manufacturer agrees to protect Distributor and hold Distributor
    harmless from any loss or claim arising out of inherent defects in
    any of Manufacturer\'s Products existing at the time such product is
    sold by Manufacturer to Distributor, provided that Distributor gives
    Manufacturer immediate notice of any such loss or claim and
    cooperates fully with Manufacturer in the handling thereof.

B.  Distributor agrees to protect Manufacturer and hold Manufacturer
    harmless from any loss or claim arising out of the negligence of
    Distributor, Distributor\'s agents, employees or representatives in
    the installation, use, sale or servicing of Manufacturer\'s Products
    or arising out of any representation or warranty made by
    Distributor, its agents, employees or representations with respect
    to Manufacturer\'s Products that exceeds Manufacturer\'s limited
    warranty. Further, in the event that any of Distributor\'s dealers
    shall, with respect to any of Manufacturer\'s Products purchased
    from Distributor, fail to discharge the dealer\'s obligations to the
    original consumer pursuant to the terms and conditions of
    Manufacturer\'s product warranty and consumer service policies,
    Distributor agrees to discharge promptly such unfulfilled
    obligations.

11\. [Order]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[Processing and
Returns]{.underline}.

A.  Manufacturer will employ its best efforts to fill Distributor\'s
    orders promptly on acceptance, but reserves the right to allot
    available inventories among distributors and end user customers at
    its discretion.

B.  Except for Manufacturer\'s products that are defective at the time
    of sale to Distributor, Manufacturer shall not be obligated to
    accept any of Manufacturer\'s Products that are returned. In the
    event such returns are accepted, Manufacturer may impose a
    reasonable restocking charge.

12\. [Financial Policies]{.underline}.

Distributor acknowledges the importance to Manufacturer of
Distributor\'s sound financial

operation and Distributor expressly agrees that it will:

A.  Maintain and employ in connection with Distributor\'s business and
    operations under this Agreement such working capital and net worth
    as may be required to enable Distributor properly carry out and
    perform all of Distributor\'s duties, obligations and
    responsibilities under this Agreement;

B.  Pay promptly all amounts due Manufacturer in accordance with terms
    of sale extended by Manufacturer from time to time;

C.  Furnish Manufacturer with financial statements in such form as
    Manufacturer may reasonably require from time to time for credit
    purposes; and

D.  Furnish, at Manufacturer\'s request, a detailed reconciliation of
    Manufacturer\'s statements of account with Distributor\'s records,
    listing all differences, and showing net amount Distributor
    acknowledges to be due Manufacturer.

In addition to any other right or remedy to which Manufacturer may be
entitled, shipments may be suspended at Manufacturer\'s discretion in
the event that Distributor fails to promptly and faithfully discharge
each and every obligation in this Section.

13\. [Use of]{.underline}** **[Manufacturer\'s Name]{.underline}.

Distributor will not use, authorize or permit the use of, the name or
any other trademark or trade name owned by Manufacturer as part of its
firm, corporate or business name in any way. Distributor shall not
contest the right of Manufacturer to exclusive use of any trademark or
trade name used or claimed by Manufacturer. Distributor may, subject to
Manufacturer\'s policies regarding reproduction of same, utilize
Manufacturer\'s name, trademarks and logos in advertising, on stationery
and business cards, or on its website.

14\. [Relationship of the Parties]{.underline}.

The relationship between Manufacturer and Distributor is that of vendor
and vendee. Distributor, its agents and employees shall, under no
circumstances, be deemed employees, agents or representatives of
Manufacturer. Distributor will not modify any of Manufacturer\'s
Products without written permission from Manufacturer. Neither
Distributor nor Manufacturer shall have any right to enter into any
contract or commitment in the name of, or on behalf of the other, or to
bind the other in any respect whatsoever.

15\. [Term and Termination]{.underline}.

Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement
shall commence on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date) and shall
continue until \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date). At the end of the
term, the Agreement shall continue until terminated by either party on
at least 30 Days prior notice.

A.  Manufacturer may terminate at any time by written notice given to
    Distributor not less than ninety (90) days prior to the effective
    date of such notice in the event Manufacturer decides to terminate
    all outstanding distributor agreements for Manufacturer\'s Products
    and to offer a new or amended form of distributor agreement.

B.  Manufacturer may terminate this Agreement upon notice to Distributor
    on any of the following events: (1) failure of Distributor to
    fulfill** **or perform any one of the duties, obligations or
    responsibilities of Distributor in this Agreement, which failure not
    cured within 30 Days notice from Manufacturer; (2) any assignment by
    Distributor of any interest in this agreement or delegation of
    Distributor's obligations without Manufacturer\'s written
    consent; (3) any sale, transfer or relinquishment, voluntary or
    involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, of a material
    interest in the direct or indirect ownership or any change in the
    managers of Distributor; (4) failure of Distributor for any reason
    to function in the ordinary course of business; (5) conviction in a
    court of competent jurisdiction of Distributor, or of a significant
    partner, principal officer or major stockholder of Distributor for
    any violation of law that, in Manufacturer\'s opinion, to affect
    adversely the operation or business of Distributor or the good name,
    goodwill, or reputation of Manufacturer, products of Manufacturer,
    or Distributor; or (6) submission by Distributor to Manufacturer of
    fraudulent reports or statements, including, without limitation,
    claims for any refund, credit, rebate, incentive, allowance,
    discount, reimbursement or other payment by Manufacturer.

16\. [Obligations on Termination]{.underline}.

On termination of this Agreement, Distributor shall cease to be an
authorized distributor.

All amounts owing by Distributor to Manufacturer shall, notwithstanding
prior terms of sale, become immediately due and payable;

A.  All unshipped orders shall be cancelled without liability of either
    party to the other;

B.  Distributor will resell and deliver to Manufacturer on demand, free
    and clear of liens and encumbrances, such of Manufacturer\'s
    Products and materials bearing Manufacturer\'s name as Manufacturer
    shall elect to repurchase, at a mutually agree price, but not in
    excess of Manufacturer\'s current price to distributors for such
    products and materials, provided that Manufacturer shall not be
    obligated to pay Distributor for any item originally provided free
    of charge;

C.  Neither party shall be liable to the other because of such
    termination for compensation, reimbursement or damages on account of
    the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales, or on account
    of expenditures, investments, lease or commitments in connection
    with the business or goodwill of Manufacturer or Distributor or for
    any other reason whatsoever growing out of such termination.

D.  In sum, both parties acknowledge that termination of this Agreement
    at some point is highly probable and should be treated in the
    ordinary course of business with both parties exerting their best
    efforts to end the relationship amicably.

17\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or recognized overnight services such as Federal
Express.

If to Manufacturer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

(Name & Address)

If to Distributor:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

(Name & Address)

18\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

19\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

20\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

21\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

22\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Manufacturer Distributor

# Distributorship Agreement - Exclusive

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. The Manufacturer should be alert to the dangers in establishing any
long-term exclusive relationship with a Distributor. Most of these
relationships accrue to the benefit of the Distributor, not the
Manufacturer. Notable cases include Coke, Pepsi, McDonald's and others
who had to buy back their rights at considerable expense from these
parties. The reverse is true for Distributors. It is usually in their
best interests to acquire as many of these agreements as possible in the
hopes that one or two will turn into the gold mine that a Coke, Pepsi,
or McDonald's franchise has done.

2\. Manufacturer should consider long and hard whether they can get the
same result, or nearly the same result, with a nonexclusive Agreement.
Nonexclusive Agreements give the Distributor less leverage over the
Manufacturer in situations where the Distributor performs poorly. These
agreements are more common today, for that reason, than exclusive
Agreements. If the Manufacturer chooses to go ahead with an Exclusive
agreement, they must extra cautious about investigating the financial
and marketing power and commitment of the Distributor. In simple terms,
the back door or exit position is much weaker, and distributors that
seek exclusive agreements, and don't back off the request easily, are
usually prepared to fight hard to keep their exclusive agreements, no
matter how poorly they perform.

3\. This agreement creates an exclusive right on behalf of the
Distributor to market the products in the territory defined by the
parties. This means that other distributors cannot in the territory.
Make sure that an exclusive arrangement is what both parties have
negotiated and can tolerate, especially the Manufacturer.

4.  Manufacturers, once again, need to also be alert that terminating a
    Distributor with our without cause, can lead to serious legal
    charges being brought against the Manufacturer involving everything
    from the broad category of "good faith" dealing to antitrust claims.
    This is an area ripe with dangerous legal traps that are different
    in many states. Before entering into an Exclusive Distributor
    Agreement we strongly recommend you consult with a knowledgeable
    business attorney about the implications in your state and the
    Distributor's state regarding such agreements.

5\. Print two copies of the Agreement so each party can have a copy that
is an original.
