Equipment Lease

This Equipment Lease (\"Lease\") is made effective as of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Lessor\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Lessee\"). I

The agreement of the parties is as follows:

1\. [Equipment subject to Lease]{.underline}**. **Lessor shall lease the
Equipment ("Equipment") listed in Exhibit 1.

2\. [Payment Terms]{.underline}. The Lessee shall make \_\_\_ payments
of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, for a total amount of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
Payments shall be due on the first day of each month, with the first
payment due on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. The lease payments
shall be due without further notice to Lessee of any payment being due.

3\. [Late Charge]{.underline}. A late charge of 5% of the payment shall
be due if any Lease payment is not received within 10 days of the due
date. In addition, interest will be charged at the rate of 1.5% per
month, or 18% per year, on any unpaid balances.

4\. [Insufficient Check Charge]{.underline}. Lessee shall be charged
\$25 for each check that is returned to the Lessor for lack of
sufficient or collectible funds or for any other reason whatsoever.

5\. [Security Deposit]{.underline}. Lessee shall pay a security deposit
of two payments or \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_, at the time this Lease is signed.
This deposit will be returned to the Lessee at the termination of this
Lease, subject to the option of the Lessor applying it against Lease
charges and damages. Any amounts refundable to the Lessee shall be paid
at the time this Lease is terminated. The security deposit shall bear
interest at an annual rate of 6% from the date paid to the Lessor until
the date refunded, based on the total amount of the security deposit.

6\. [Lease Term]{.underline}. This Lease shall begin on the above
effective date and shall terminate on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Date), unless otherwise terminated in a manner consistent with the
terms of this Lease.

7\. [Location or locations of the Equipment]{.underline}. The equipment
shall be located at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_during
the lease term, and shall not be removed from that location without the
Lessor\'s prior written consent.

8\. [Operation and Care of Equipment]{.underline}. The equipment must be
used and operated in a careful and appropriate manner. Its use must
comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations relating to the
possession, use, or maintenance of the equipment, including registration
and/or licensing requirements, if any.

9\. [Maintenance and Repair]{.underline}. Lessee shall maintain at the
Lessee\'s cost, the equipment in good repair and operating condition,
allowing for reasonable wear and tear. Such costs shall include labor,
material, parts, and any similar items.

10\. [Alternations]{.underline}. Lessee shall make no alterations to the
equipment without the prior written consent of Lessor. All alterations
shall be the property of Lessor and subject to the terms of this Lease.

11\. [Right of Inspection]{.underline}. Lessor shall have the absolute
right to inspect the Equipment during Lessee\'s normal business hours.

12\. [Equipment Return at the end of the Lease]{.underline}. At the end
of the Lease term, the Lessee shall be obligated to return the equipment
to the Lessor at the Lessee\'s expense.

13\. [Renewal Option of the Lessee]{.underline}. If Lessee is not in
default upon the expiration of this lease, the Lessee shall have the
option to renew this Lease for a similar term on such terms as the
parties may mutually agree upon at the time of such renewal, the end of
the Lease period covered in this Agreement.

14\. [Purchase Option]{.underline}. If Lessee is not in default under
this Lease, the Lessee shall have the option to purchase items of
equipment at the end of the lease term for the price specified for such
items of equipment in the attached Exhibit 1. Lessee shall exercise this
option by providing written notice to the Lessor of such intent at least
30 days prior to the end of the lease term.

15\. [Equipment Acceptance by Lessee]{.underline}. Lessee shall inspect
each item of equipment delivered pursuant to this Lease. The Lessee
shall immediately notify the Lessor of any discrepancies between such
item of equipment and the description of the equipment in the Equipment
Schedule. If the Lessee fails to provide such notice before accepting
delivery of the equipment, the Lessee will be conclusively presumed to
have accepted the equipment as specified in Exhibit 1.

16\. O[wnership and Legal Status of Equipment]{.underline}. Equipment
will be deemed to be personal property, regardless of the manner in
which it may be attached to any other property. Lessor shall be deemed
to have retained title to the equipment at all times, unless the Lessor
transfers the title by sale. The Lessee shall immediately advise the
Lessor regarding any notice of any claim, levy, lien, or legal process
filed or issued against the equipment.

17\. [No Warranty]{.underline}. Lessor makes no warranties, express or
implied, as to the equipment leased. Lessee assumes the responsibility
for the condition of the equipment.

18\. [Risk of Loss or Damage and Insurance]{.underline}. Lessee assumes
all risk of loss or damage to the equipment from any cause, and agrees
to return it to the Lessor in the condition received from the Lessor,
with the exception of normal wear and tear, unless otherwise provided in
this Lease. Lessee shall provide evidence of insurance of the equipment
and make Lessor a Named party on the insurance policy. Any lapse of
insurance shall be considered a default under the terms of this
Agreement.

19. [Indemnity of Lessor for Loss or Damages]{.underline}. Unless
    otherwise provided in this Lease, if the equipment is damaged or
    lost, Lessor shall have the option of requiring the Lessee to repair
    the equipment to a state of good working order, or replace equipment
    with like equipment in good repair, which equipment shall become the
    property of the Lessor and subject to this Lease.

20\. [Liability and Indemnity]{.underline}. Liability for injury,
disability, and death of workers and other persons caused by operating,
handling, or transporting the equipment during the term of this Lease is
the obligation of Lessee, and Lessee shall indemnify and hold Lessor
harmless from and against all such liability. Lessee shall maintain
liability insurance of at least \$1 million as further discussed in
Section 18 above, entitled "Risk of Loss or Damage and Insurance.

21\. [Taxes and Fees]{.underline}. During the term of this Lease, the
Lessee shall pay all applicable taxes, assessments, and license and
registration fees on the equipment.

22\. [Default]{.underline}. The occurrence of any of the following shall
constitute a default under this Lease:

A.  Failure to make a required payment under this Lease when due.

B.  Violation of any other provision or requirement that is not
    corrected within 10 days after written notice of the violation is
    given.

C. The insolvency or bankruptcy of Lessee.

D.  The subjection of any of Lessee\'s property to any levy, seizure,
    assignment, application or sale for or by any creditor or government
    agency.

23\. [Rights upon Default]{.underline}. In addition to any other rights
afforded the Lessor by law, if the Lessee is in default under this
Lease, without notice to or demand on the Lessee, the Lessor may take
possession of the equipment as provided by law, deduct the costs of
recovery (including attorney fees and legal costs), repair, and related
costs, and hold the Lessee responsible for any deficiency. The rights
and remedies of the Lessor provided by law and this Agreement shall be
cumulative in nature. Lessor shall be obligated to re-lease the
equipment, or otherwise mitigate the damages from the default, only as
required by law.

Exhibit 1: Equipment Schedule

Lease End Purchase Price: (Should be included; very important).

# Equipment Lease

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is a standard
straightforward lease agreement. Be sure to file the appropriate local,
county, and state liens (UCC forms) against the equipment within the
locals where the Equipment is kept by Lessee, according to this
Agreement. This not only perfects your interest in the property but also
warns off other creditors of Lessee, so they do not attempt to attach
the property. If they do, you will have a senior position.

Be sure to establish an end of lease purchase price in Exhibit 1. Do
likewise for a renewal period of the Equipment. GE Capital, for example,
has found releasing Equipment very lucrative because the proper
paperwork is in place and continuation is quite simple because, by the
end of the first lease period, most equipment is worth more than its
then supposed capital price. Therefore, you may be well advised from a
business perspective to encourage releasing for a reduced price at the
end of the lease. In this instance, inertia is on your side since Lessee
"has" the Equipment and it is always easier to continue as is rather
than getting new equipment, and so on.

1.  Make multiple copies so you have several sets for your various
    files, including your corporate records.

2\. Be sure to file liens, as appropriate, as described above against
your equipment in the appropriate jurisdictions.
