Sale of Goods Agreement

This Agreement for the Sale of Goods (\"Agreement\") made and effective
this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Buyer\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Seller\").

Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase from
Seller, certain tangible personal property.

Therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

1\. [Sale]{.underline}.

Seller agrees to sell, transfer and convey to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to
purchase the following tangible personal property (the \"Goods\"): (List
here or in an attachment).

2\. [Price]{.underline}.

Buyer shall pay Seller for the Goods
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Buyer shall make payment of the
full purchase price by 10 days following delivery of the Goods by Seller
as provided herein, subject to Buyer\'s right of inspection as set forth
in Section 4 below. In the event that the purchase price is not timely
paid, in addition to its other remedies, Seller may impose, and Buyer
shall pay, a late payment charge equal to two percent (2%) of the
overdue balance amount each month.

3\. [Shipping.]{.underline}

Buyer shall purchase goods FOB Seller's location and be responsible for
all expenses associated with shipping. The risk of loss from any
casualty to the Goods, regardless of the cause, shall be upon Buyer upon
the delivery of the Goods to Buyer\'s shipper as set forth herein. When
practicable, Seller will follow Buyer\'s requested shipping
instructions. If none are requested, Seller will use its discretion in
selecting an appropriate transportation method.

4\. [Right of Inspection]{.underline}.

Buyer shall have the right to inspect the goods on arrival at Buyer\'s
facility. Within 3 days after delivery, Buyer must give notice to Seller
of any claim with respect to the condition, quality or grade of the
Goods or non-conformance to this Agreement, specifying the basis of the
claim in detail by fax or recognized overnight delivery service such as
FedEx. Seller may, at its option inspect the Goods at Buyer\'s
facilities to confirm that the Goods do not conform. Failure of Buyer to
comply with these conditions within the time set forth herein shall
constitute irrevocable acceptance of the Goods by Buyer. In the event
the Goods do not conform to this Agreement, Buyer\'s sole remedy and
Seller\'s sole obligation shall be at Seller\'s option to replace the
Goods at Seller\'s expense or credit Buyer the amount of the purchase
price for the non-conforming goods. Return shipping expensive in this
case shall be the sole responsibility of Seller.

5\. [Identification of Goods]{.underline}.

Identification of the Goods must be made in here or in an attachment.

6.[ Goods Sold in "As is" Condition]{.underline}

Goods are sold in an "As is" condition. The Seller makes no warranties
of any kind to the Buyer. This clause shall be broadly interpreted in
favor of the Seller.

7\. [Transfer of Title]{.underline}.

Transfer of title and full ownership rights in the Goods shall not pass
to Buyer until Buyer has paid in full the purchase price to Seller
including any late fees, if applicable, as described in Section 2.,
Price, above.

8\. [Limitation of Liability]{.underline}

In no event shall Seller be liable for any special, indirect, incidental
or consequential damages arising out of or connected with this Agreement
or the Goods, regardless of whether a claim is based on contract, tort,
strict liability or otherwise, nor shall Buyer\'s damages exceed the
amount of the purchase price of the Goods. This clause shall be broadly
interpreted in favor of the Seller.

9\. [Taxes]{.underline}.

Buyer shall pay or reimburse Seller as appropriate for any sales, use,
excise or other tax imposed or levied with respect to the payment of the
purchase price for the Goods or the conveyance of title in the Goods to
Buyer by any recognized government authority, whether at the local,
state, or federal level. In no event shall Buyer be responsible for any
tax imposed upon Seller based upon Seller\'s income or for the privilege
of doing business.

I0. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or recognized over night delivery services such as
FedEx.

If to Seller:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to Buyer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

11\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

12\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

13\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

14\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

15\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Buyer Seller

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

# Sale of Goods Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. This agreement should be used only with tangible personal property.
\"Personal property\" includes items such as furniture, supplies and
other \"goods\". It does not include real estate or intangible property
(e.g., copyrights, software and other intellectual property). This
Agreement is not intended for regular inventory purchases. This kind of
agreement is generally used for the occasional purchase of property such
as desks, chairs, used computer equipment, and other such equipment.

2\. Clearly this form may not be appropriate for complex, technical, or
perishable items that often require more specification, especially as to
expected performance.

3\. From a negotiation standpoint, with occasional purchases, both
parties are better off to pay upon delivery or shipment. Otherwise,
controversy can linger and eat up a substantial amount of time, energy,
and money.

4\. Print two copies of the Agreement for the Sale of Goods, one for
each party. Both parties should sign each copy so that each can have an
original copy.
