Installment Loan or Note

\$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Loan or Note) \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Date)

For value received, the undersigned
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

("Borrower"),
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Address), promises to pay to the order of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(\"Lender"),
the face value of the loan or note of \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ at a
monthly interest rate of \_\_% or annual interest rate of \_\_%, in
monthly Installments as described further below, to a place designated
by Lender, which may from time to time change per the written notice of
Lender to Borrower, with the initial address being
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Until the Loan or Note is due in full, for whatever reason, the unpaid
principal and accrued interest shall be payable in monthly installments
("Installments"), payable on the first of each month ("Installment Due
Date") of \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, and continuing until
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Due Date"), at which time the remaining
unpaid principal, interest, and other costs, if any, shall be due in
full unless this Note was called earlier per the rights of the Lender
under this Agreement.

Any payments on this Note shall first be applied against legal or
collection costs until paid in full, as then may be due, and then
against outstanding interest until paid in full, as then may be due, and
finally applied to the outstanding principal balance.

1\. [Prepayment]{.underline}. The Borrower reserves the right to prepay
this Note (in whole or in part) prior to the Due Date with no prepayment
penalty.

2\. [Collection Costs, Attorney's Fees, and Late Charge]{.underline}. If
any payment obligation under this Note is not paid when due, the
Borrower promises to pay all costs of collection, including reasonable
attorney fees, whether or not a lawsuit is commenced as part of the
collection process, without protest of any kind, legal or otherwise. If
the note remains unpaid for an additional 30 days after Lender gives
demand, the Borrower shall be required to pay a 5% late charge based on
the Installment amount. Each late Installment shall make another 5% due.

3\. [Default Events]{.underline}. If any of the following events of
default occur, this Note and any other obligations of the Borrower to
the Lender, shall become due immediately, without demand or notice:

1\) failure of the Borrower to pay the monthly installment payment on or
before the Installment Due Date;

2\) death of the Borrower or Lender;

3\) filing of bankruptcy proceedings involving the Borrower as a Debtor;

4\) application for the appointment of a receiver for the Borrower;

5\) making of a general assignment for the benefit of the Borrower\'s
creditors;

6\) insolvency of the Borrower;

7\) a misrepresentation by the Borrower to the Lender for the purpose of
obtaining or

extending credit.

4\. [Borrower Waivers]{.underline}. Borrower waives presentment for
payment, protest, and notice of protest and nonpayment of this Note.

5\. [Additional Lender Rights]{.underline}. No renewal or extension of
this Note, delay in enforcing any right of the Lender under this Note,
or assignment by Lender of this Note shall affect the liability or the
obligations of the Borrower. All rights of the Lender under this Note
are cumulative and may be exercised concurrently or consecutively at the
Lender\'s option.

6\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Borrower:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Lender:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

7\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

8\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

9\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

10\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

11\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Borrower Lender

# Installment Loan or Note

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. The tough language involved
in this document is required to improve your chances of collecting on a
defaulted note or loan. The strict terms are required to improve the
odds of ultimate collection.

This is a simple straightforward document that only requires the
signatures of the party. If you are concerned about any later dispute,
and being on the safe side is always prudent, we recommend you obtain a
notary verification and signature as well.

Make multiple copies and distribute them to the parties. You should keep
your copies with your corporate or personal records.
