License Agreement, Simple

This License Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made effective as of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ("Manufacturer") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, owner of the license ("Licensor").

Manufacturer wishes to sell and/or Licensor's property as a component or
in its entirety and Licensor wants Manufacturer to do so. Both parties
are familiar with the business of the other and therefore enter into
this Agreement.

Therefore, the parties agree as follows:

1\. [Grant of License]{.underline}.

Licensor grants Manufacturer a license to use Licensor's product or
products subject to the limitations specified as follows with regards to
territory and other matters:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
The subject of this license is described in Exhibit A and the best
likeness or sample available is also attached to that Exhibit.

The manufacturer retains the right, with or without cause, to drop the
product or products at any time without having any recourse to recover
any monies already paid to Licensor but with no more responsibility to
pay the Licensor any more money other than as strictly due under the
last quarter sales made of the product or products in question. This
inalienable right to give up is an integral part of the Manufacturer's
motivation to enter into this Agreement and therefore expects any Court
of competent jurisdiction to honor this right as the full and complete
intent of the parties.

If the Manufacturer stops selling the product or products as indicated
by the Manufacturer in writing to the Licensor, and exerts its rights
under this clause in writing to the Licensor, all rights revert to the
Licensor as long as the Licensor takes no further legal or collection
action against the Manufacturer. This clause is intentionally in favor
of the Manufacturer in order to induce them to enter into this Agreement
and undertake their responsibilities under this Agreement.

2\. [Payment of Royalty]{.underline}.

Manufacturer will pay Licensor a royalty, which shall be calculated as
follows:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Payment shall be due 15 Days after the end of each quarter. A written
royalty report shall accompany each payment.

3\. [Defaults]{.underline}.** **

If Manufacturer fails to abide by the obligations of this Agreement,
including the obligation to make a royalty payment when due, Licensor
shall have the option to cancel this Agreement by providing 30 days
written notice to Manufacturer and permitting them another 30 Days to
cure. Manufacturer shall have the option of preventing the termination
of this Agreement by taking corrective action that cures the default, if
such corrective action is taken prior to the end of the time period
stated in the previous sentence, and if there are no other defaults
during such time period.

4\. [Assignment of Rights]{.underline}.

Either party may assign their rights to this Agreement to any other
party. This assignment will not relieve the assigning party of their
responsibilities under this Agreement. The assigning party should, as a
courtesy, notify the other party of the assignment. This responsibility
remains a "courtesy only" because the assignor remains fully and
completely responsible for all their duties prior to assignment.

5\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Manufacturer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Licensor:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

6\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

7\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

8\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

9\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

10\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Exhibit A: Material or Materials to Be Licensed; Best Rendition
Available also attached.

# License Agreement, Simple

Review List

This review list is provided to help you complete this License
Agreement. License agreements imply ongoing payments. We have found that
outright purchases, paid in cash, if they can be agreed upon, lead to
more satisfactory results for both parties. The reasons are numerous:
(1) there will never be a contention, as so often happens between
Licensors and Manufacturers or Publishers, that the Manufacturer or
Publisher did not do enough, report sales properly, and so on and so on;
(2) the manufacturer pays considerably more up front but has no
affirmative duty to market the product immediately, deal with the
licensor and his or her representatives, and be subject to inquisition
by the Licensor; (3) the Licensor gets all the money up front and can
sleep at night not worrying about if he or she will get what they
believe they deserve.

Obviously the Licensor has to take far less money than the full
potential of royalty payments. However, since most license deals fail,
the reduced payment approach is a more conservative one for the
recipient (i.e., Licensor). This option is well worth thinking about
from a business point of view by both parties. We walk this talk by
doing it ourselves at Simply Media and have much happier Licensors than
we ever had when we licensed products on a royalty basis. Our costs are
considerably reduced because we have no on going royalty
responsibilities in terms of money or contact, and no affirmative duty
to market products immediately.

With this warning in mind, in this simple License Agreement we have
included an inalienable right to give up clause, or backdoor, so that if
for any reason the Manufacturer wants to give up, they can do so without
further recourse by the Licensor. Napoleon once said, "A great general
is known by how he retreats to fight another day." Indeed, the same is
true for license rights; some work; some don't. The key to success is to
have a back door escape clause.

If the product or products are so good, the Licensor should not be
unduly concerned about the product or products reverting to him or her
if things should not work out. It is on the margins that a licensor
becomes concerned. A shrewd Manufacturer looks for those signs by the
actions of the licensor, if unwilling to accept this benign walk away
clause. Roger Fisher in [Getting to Yes]{.underline} frequently
discusses the importance of walk away positions in negotiations. In
essence he says, "There is always another deal. Be prepared to walk away
if the price is too high." We concur with his emphasis.

In addition, both parties retain the right to assign their rights
without prior notification to the other party, to prevent disputes on
that subject, but then must continue on the agreement as fully
responsible if another party takes on the assignment. This clause is
intended to protect the financial interests of both parties without
punishing them.

Exclusive versus nonexclusive. Manufacturers usually want exclusive
rights worldwide. But, that is much more expensive than taking just the
rights you need. At Simply Media, for example, we just take the rights
to the CD ROM market. We let artists and authors retain the rights to
sell the same work into the book or other markets, as a rule. In this
way we pay less and they get extra income elsewhere. A true win/win.
There are arguments for both points of view. List your mutual decision
in Section 1.

This is the simplest license agreement that makes sense. More
complicated ones are generally in use but have more perils for all of
the parties associated with them, not the least of which is the
opportunity for lawyers to get hold of them and make a meal out of it.
Simpler licenses are coming to the foreground, however. When we had a
Computer Associates (CA-NYSE) agreement assigned to us at Simply Media
we were stunned by its clarity, simplicity, and shortness. Further
conversations with CA led us to conclude that simpler, even if it
favored the other party, led to more amicable relations, better
financial results, and far less litigation. It is for you to decide. We
provide the best tool we know how to; it is up to you and your attorney
to decide what works best for you.

1.  Make at least two copies of the Agreement, with an original retained
    by both parties. You should keep a copy in a separate license
    folder, where you have all copies of licenses available, as well as
    in your file on the product or products themselves.

2.  Remember that it is far easier to get into one of these Agreements
    than out of them. If you are the Manufacturer you may well be
    dealing with their hopes and dreams, as well as their dreams of
    sugarplums and big money, so watch out. If you are the Licensor
    remember this is only business to them. Be guided accordingly.
    Things that start easy end easy. The opposite is also true: those
    things that start hard usually end hard. This Agreement starts easy
    so it can end easy. However, if you wish to "nab" or "hook" the
    other party, this is the wrong agreement for you.

3.  Be warned: whenever the comments in the review list are as long or
    almost as long as the agreement itself, you are in some peril.
    Therefore, you are well advised to consult your attorney. Remember
    that the above is business advice. If your attorney pushes for
    harder terms, be sure you understand the legal reasons versus the
    business ones. More than a few attorneys bust deals in the hopes a
    better one comes along for their client. If the opportunity is
    great, that may be great business advice. If not, you better think
    twice about taking the business advice from a lawyer.
    [Always]{.underline} take their legal advice, but that is a
    different matter entirely.
