# Management Agreement

This Management Agreement ("Agreement") is made on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(Date), by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Manager") and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
the owner or corporation ("Owner\").

Whereas the Manager carries on business as a manager of businesses and
the Owner wishes to retain the management services of the Manager in
connection with the carrying on of the Owner\'s business of a
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ business (the
\"Business\"), as more particularly described in Exhibit 1.

Therefore in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this
Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is acknowledged by each party, the parties agree with each other
as follows:

1.  [Management Services]{.underline}.** **The Manager shall provide to
    the Owner as required by the Owner the following management services
    (\"Management Services\"): \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

\(a\) All equipment (the \"Equipment\") required by** **the Owner in
connection with the Business including but not limited to: computers,
typewriters, facsimile machines, copiers, transcription and reproduction
equipment and other office** **equipment and furniture; and any
automobiles required by the Owner;

\(b\) secretarial and typing services;

\(c\) telephone answering and receptionist services;

\(d\) filing and general clerical services;

\(e\) delivery services;

\(f\) purchasing and inventory control;

\(g\) systems administration;

\(h\) collection of accounts receivable; and such other assets and
services as may be required from time to time.

2\. [Business Expenditures]{.underline}.** **

The Manager will pay all expenditures necessary to maintain the Business
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing or the
provisions of paragraph 1, rental payments, the cost of all supplies
required by the Owner in carrying on the Business and all phone and
utility bills.

3.  [Management Fee]{.underline}.** **

In consideration of the Manager undertaking the management of the
Business, the Owner agrees to pay to the Manager a monthly fee
consisting of the cost of the Manager plus fifteen percent (15%). The
cost of the Manager shall be \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per month and
payment shall be made within ten (10) days of the Manager submitting his
or her monthly invoice for payment to the Owner.

3.  [No Warranties]{.underline}.** **

The Manager makes no representation or warranty whatsoever with respect
to the suitability or durability of any Equipment for the purposes or
uses of the Owner or any other representation or warranty concerning any
Equipment, express or implied.

5.  [Location and use of Equipment]{.underline}.** **

The Equipment shall be located and used only on the Premises and shall
not be removed without prior written consent of the Manager. The
Equipment shall be maintained and operated by competent employees only.
The Owner shall pay all expenses of operating and maintaining the
Equipment and shall insure the Equipment against normal perils, with
loss payable to the Manager.

6\. [Ownership of Equipment]{.underline}.** **

The Equipment shall at all times be and remain the exclusive property of
the Manager, and the Owner shall have no right of property except the
right to use the Equipment on the terms and conditions in this
Agreement.

7\. [Equipment Not Fixtures]{.underline}**. **

The Equipment shall at all times during the term of this Agreement be
personal or moveable property, regardless of the manner in which it may
be attached to any real estate. The Owner shall install the Equipment in
a manner, which will permit its removal without material injury to the
place of installation. The Owner shall be responsible for any damage
done to any real estate, building or structure by the removal of the
Equipment and shall indemnify the Manager against liability for such
damage.

8\. [Care of Equipment]{.underline}.** **

The Owner shall at all times, at its own expense, keep the Equipment in
good and efficient working order and repair. The Manager, its employees
and agents shall at all reasonable times have access to the Equipment
for the purpose of inspecting it. The Owner shall not, without the prior
written consent of the Manager make any alterations, additions or
improvements to the Equipment. All alterations, additions or
improvements shall belong to and remain the property of the Manager.

9\. [Risk of Loss Or Damage]{.underline}.** **

Except for loss or damage to the Equipment from fire or theft, the Owner
assumes the entire risk of loss or damage to the Equipment from any
cause. No loss or damage to the Equipment or any part of it, except loss
or damage from fire or theft, shall affect the obligations of the Owner.

10\. [Liens and Taxes]{.underline}.** **

The Owner shall keep the Equipment free of levies, liens and
encumbrances and shall pay all license fees, registration fees,
assessments, charges and taxes (municipal, state and federal), which may
be levied or assessed directly or indirectly against or on account of
the Equipment or any interest therein or use thereof. If the Owner shall
fail to pay such license fees, registration fees, assessments, charges
or taxes, the Manager may pay the same in which event the cost shall
constitute additional rent, which shall be immediately due and payable
and the Manager shall be entitled to all the remedies provided in this
Agreement in the event of default of payment of rent.

11\. [Compliance with Law]{.underline}.** **

The Owner shall comply with all laws, ordinances, regulations and
by-laws present or future, in any way relating to the ownership,
possession, use or maintenance of the Equipment throughout the term of
this Agreement, and shall indemnify the Manager against all liability it
may incur by the Owner\'s failure to comply.

12\. [Indemnity]{.underline}.** **

The Owner shall indemnify the Manager against any and all claims, costs
and expenses in any manner arising from the Owner\'s use or possession
of the Equipment and against all loss, damage and expense arising from
any action, suit or proceedings, or otherwise on account of any personal
injury or death or damage to property occasioned by the Equipment during
the term created or on account of any infringement or alleged
infringement of patent occasioned by the operation of the Equipment.

13\. [Events of Default]{.underline}.** **The following shall each
constitute an \"event of default\":

\(a\) failure of the Owner* *to pay any amount owing under this
Agreement;

\(b\) breach of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement;

\(c\) subjection of the Equipment to any lien, levy or attachment;

\(d\) any assignment of the Owner for the benefit of creditors;

\(e\) admission by the Owner in writing of its inability to pay its
debts generally as they become due;

f.  appointment of a receiver, trustee, or similar official for the
    Owner or for any of its property;

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
14. [Termination]{.underline}.

Manager shall work on a work for hire basis, as a 1099 employee in terms
of the IRS, and shall be subject to termination with thirty (30) days
written notice, with or without cause.

15\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Owner:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Manager:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

16\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

17\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

18\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

19\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

20\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Manager Owner

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Exhibit 1: Description of the Business and/or Property to be Managed.

Management Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This Management Agreement
provides for the Manager to provide all of the equipment for use on the
premises; this can be altered, as seen fit between the parties. The
benefit for this turnkey kind of operation is that the owner is just the
owner and the Manager, often a management company, retains firm control
over all of the assets.

1.  Make sure multiple copies are signed. Keep a copy in your safe and
    with your corporate minute book.

2\. Management agreements can be very good or very bad. Most do not fall
in the middle. Be careful about your selection process. Afterwards don't
keep pulling up the flowers to check on the roots. Review the Manager's
performance carefully on a regular basis. Often everyone puts in a good
effort at the beginning, only to slack off over time. As the owner, you
need to keep a close look at the operations and financial results. All
seemingly obvious points, but ones too often overlooked. For what it is
worth, in every major company I have been associated with, including
American Power Conversion (APCC-NASDAQ), the Umbroller stroller company
(now part of Newell), and Simply Media, we have had very good experience
with Management Contracts. The consistent thread was a series of leaders
of a careful and meticulous nature who while not "wanting to be
bothered" at first would seek more and more frequent consultation if
they were given the freedom to act they desired. A win/win situation, if
properly done. These contracts permit you to concentrate on the core of
your business. You often seemingly pay "more" on a per item basis; but,
on an overall basis, you conserve and focus your resources. When I have
pulled these activities back, to run them ourselves, I have regretted
the move more than 75% of the time. Ouch! This can be a big opportunity
for you.
