# Joint Marketing Agreement

This Joint Marketing Agreement (\"Agreement\") is made and effective
this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Date) by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"Second Party\") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(\"First Party\").

First Party and Second Party separately market products and/or services
which are often used for complementary or for related purposes. The
parties desire to cooperate in marketing their products for their mutual
benefit.

Therefore, it is mutually agreed:

1.[Products]{.underline}.

First Party and Second Party agree to market jointly their product
lines, provided for in this Agreement. The First Party's product line is
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and the Second
Party's product line is
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Product Lines").

2\. [General]{.underline}**[ ]{.underline}**[Duties]{.underline}.

In connection with the joint marketing of the Product Lines, the parties
agree to the following mutual duties:

A. To share information with respect to product distribution channels,
methods of distribution, competitive information and any other
information which can be disclosed without violating any law or
breaching any obligations of confidentiality.

B.  To include, where appropriate, literature concerning the other
    party\'s product in individual direct mail or other direct marketing
    and with product shipments.

C. To provide advanced information about product development, new
Products or modification to existing Products jointly marketed pursuant
to this Agreement.

D. To share information with respect to sales leads.

E. To provide a reasonable number of samples, demonstration units or
other models of products to the other party, on a timely basis.

F. To mention or include the other party\'s products in advertisements,
brochures, and related communications.

G. To share information with respect to trade shows, seminars and
meetings, which may be beneficial to the other party.

H. To advise the other party about ideas or recommendations for new
products or enhancements to existing Products which may be appropriate
for the other party\'s product lines.

3\. [Specific Duties]{.underline}.

In addition to the general duties set forth in Section 2 above, the
parties agree to engage in the following specific marketing activities
during the Initial Term of this Agreement:

[Press Releases]{.underline}. Within 30 days of the date of this
Agreement, the parties shall jointly prepare and issue a press release
announcing this joint marketing program and generally promoting the
Product Lines as defined above. Any later press release, which refers to
the other party or its products, must be approved by the other party
prior to its release.

[Trade shows]{.underline}. The parties agree to jointly participate in
the following trade show(s):
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
The parties will register for each designated trade show in their joint
names, if permitted. If joint registration is not permitted, First Party
shall register on behalf of both the parties. The parties shall jointly
share the cost of registration and participation in the trade show;
transportation, preparation, construction and removal of a booth at the
trade show; and reasonable related expenses, such as cost of
refreshments and other items not specific to the Product lines. Each
party shall separately pay its own cost for transportation of its
samples, demo units or products to the trade show, travel, lodging and
meals for representatives at the trade show and special or extra
customer meetings or entertainment. The parties agree to jointly staff
the trade show booth at all times, unless agreed otherwise in writing.

[Training]{.underline}. Each party agrees to provide one individual to
attend a sales meeting of the other party for the purpose of
demonstrating and training sales personnel with respect to the party\'s
product. Each party shall bear its own expenses for transportation and
other out-of-pocket expenses for sending its representative to the other
party\'s sales meeting.

[Advertising]{.underline}. The parties shall select an advertising
agency and shall jointly pay the expenses related to preparation for any
ads resulting from that relationship. The parties shall share evenly the
expenses related to these activities. Each party may elect to use any
resulting and approved material or in the media of its choice without
limitation, provided that party pays all the costs associated with media
placement and specific production thereto. Additional joint
advertisements may be prepared following additional agreement of the
parties.

4\. [Confidentiality]{.underline}.

During this Agreement, each party may disclose to the other information
that is confidential and proprietary to the disclosing party
(\"Confidential Information\"). Confidential Information may include,
but is not limited to, business plans, marketing plans, financial
statements, competitive analysis, market research, Product development
plans, computer programs, designs, and models, communicated orally, in
writing, or by electronic media. Confidential Information disclosed
orally or electronically shall be identified as such within five (5)
days of disclosure. Confidential Information disclosed in writing shall
be marked \"Confidential\". Each party agrees that it will maintain the
Confidential Information of the other party in confidence and shall use
such information only for the purposes of this Agreement. Confidential
Information may be disclosed by a receiving party within its
organization only to specific employees who have a need to know such
information for the purposes of this Agreement and who have agreed in
writing not to disclose it. Upon expiration or termination of this
Agreement or, sooner if demanded by a party, a receiving party shall
return to a disclosing party any of the disclosing party\'s Confidential
Information including all copies thereof. The obligations of each party
in this section shall continue for a period following the expiration or
termination of the Agreement. The obligations of this section shall not
apply to any Confidential Information that:

A. Is or becomes public through no act of a receiving party,

B. Is rightfully received from a third party without obligations of
confidentiality; or

C. Is independently developed by a receiving party without reference to
the other party\'s Confidential Information.

5\. [Conflicts]{.underline}.

During this Agreement and for a period of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ thereafter, each party agrees that it
will not engage in any marketing, promotion, advertising or sales
effort, individually or jointly, with respect to any product that is
competitive with the other party\'s Product line or with respect to any
entity that markets, promotes or sells a product in competition with the
other party. Nothing stated here shall prevent either party from
engaging in any activity that promotes any other product or entity that
does not compete with the other party or its products.

6\. [Term and Termination]{.underline}.

A. The \"Initial Term\" of this Agreement shall start on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and shall end
on\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. At least sixty (60) days prior
to the end of the Initial Term or any renewal term as provided herein,
the parties shall each notify the other as to whether they desire to
renew this Agreement. If either party notifies the other that it does
not desire to continue this Agreement, then the Agreement shall end upon
the expiration of the Initial Term or renewal term. If, however, both
parties desire to renew the Agreement, then the parties shall meet to
confer and determine the following:

\(i\) their specific duties for the renewal term in lieu of the specific
duties set forth in Section 3 herein as applicable to the preceding
Initial Term or renewal term;

\(ii\) the period for the renewal term; and

\(iii\) any other proposed amendments. If the parties fail to agree on
all of the foregoing items before end of the Initial Term or renewal
term, then this Agreement shall expire as of the end of the Initial Term
or the renewal term. If the parties agree to all of the foregoing items,
then the Agreement will continue with such specific duties and other
amendments for the renewal term agreed upon.

B. This Agreement may be terminated at any time upon the occurrence of
any of the following events:

\(i\) if either of the parties shall default on any material obligation
and such default is not cured within 30 days following written notice
from the other party.

\(ii\) if either party files a petition of bankruptcy, is insolvent,
makes an assignment for benefit of creditors or if a trustee or receiver
is appointed for a party, and such remaining of the foregoing remains
undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days.

\(iii\) if either party shall cease to do business, the First Party
ceases to market First Party\'s Product or Second Party ceases to market
Second Party\'s Product.

7\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the First Party:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Second Party:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

8\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

9\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

10\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

11\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

12\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Joint Marketing Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation.

1\. Joint marketing agreements sound good in principle but have a high
rate of failure due to the many things that can lead to dissatisfaction
among the parties. One way marketing agreements tend to do better since
one party is "in charge" and dealings are not subject to continual
quests for agreement and approval.

2\. Having said that, if you wish to pursue this high risk strategy,
first be sure to investigate the reputation and credit standing of the
proposed joint marketer to make sure it is a worthy marketing partner.

3\. Further to the point, both companies must also be sure their product
lines are truly complementary, that their marketing styles are the
similar, and that each is committed to carrying out the agreed upon
joint marketing tasks.

4\. As we have said before, laws vary from state to state and change
over time. Before using this document, which is subject to much downside
if things do not work out as you anticipate, be sure to have a lawyer
review it prior to signing.

5\. Print two copies of the Agreement, one for each party. Both parties
should sign each copy so that each can have an original copy.
