Amending a Purchase Agreement

This agreement** **amends** **an earlier Purchase Agreement
("Agreement") dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and signed by the parties. The
original agreement is attached as Exhibit 1.

Whereas, the parties entered into the original Purchase Agreement for
their mutual benefit, they now wish to amend that Purchase Agreement
("Amended Agreement") in accordance with the terms and conditions in
that agreement, namely in writing and signed by both parties.

Therefore in consideration of these premises and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows:

1\. The parties agree that the recitals above are true and correct in
all material respects.

2\. The Buyer and the Seller agree that the Agreement is hereby modified
and amended as follows in Exhibit 2.

3\. The Seller and the Buyer hereby confirm and ratify that all other
terms and conditions of the Agreement are in full force and effect, and
unamended except as expressly provided in this Amended Agreement.

4\. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which
when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

5\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Buyer:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Seller:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

6\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

7\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

8\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

9\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

10\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Buyer Seller

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Exhibit 1: Original Agreement

Exhibit 2: Amended terms of Agreement

Amending a Purchase Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Amending an agreement is
customary yet rarely done in writing even though it is called for in the
original document. It is far better to be the proverbial "safe than
sorry," and use this form for work order or other changes to your
purchase agreements whether for small items or large complicated
purchases.

In a fluid transaction this also cuts down on the confusion of memory
that inevitably occurs as the parties remember clearly what they wanted
but often forget, conveniently or otherwise, what they gave up to get
what they wanted. This Amending a Purchase Agreement helps reduce these
problems.

1.  As with similar agreements, sign in multiple copies giving one to
    each party, if a large purchase or an important one ratify a copy
    and include it in the minute book, and keep a copy in the file
    appropriate to the subject. You may also elect to make a backup copy
    for your own file at work or home.
