Ratification of Agreement

This is to ratify the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1 ("Exhibit1"). The
parties signed Exhibit 1 \_\_\_\_\_ days ago and hereby ratify it in its
entirety, having had sufficient time after the fact to wish to make this
declaration in support of Exhibit 1 in it totality.

1\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the First Party:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Second Party:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

2\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

3\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

4\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

5\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

6\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness

Ratification of Agreement

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This Ratification of
Agreement is very useful to have signed after an agreement has been
concluded with a difficult party. It is especially important to be done
if no lawyer was involved in the initial deal or at the signing. This is
effectively eliminates the rescission period available in certain
consumer contracts (i.e., people have a certain number of days to
rescind the agreement). If you get this Ratification of Agreement signed
10 or days or more after the initial agreement, then you have
accomplished that purpose and seriously put a brake on any lawyer
challenging it at a later date. On a personal basis, I have never had a
lawyer bring suit against me or any company of mine when I had this
ratification agreement in hand. On the other hand, it did create a
number of angry lawyers on the other side looking for a fee! What more
eloquent statement could be made about the usefulness of this agreement!

On a final note, the signing of this agreement by both parties, 10 days
or more after the initial agreement, had an important ceremonial aspect
of ratification and conclusion. It helped. Many lawyers will advise this
is not a "necessary" document, and they would be right. But, they can
never deny that it was useful, unless they are on the other side seeking
a fee!

PS. This Agreement is so helpful, in my mind, that it is one of the few
we have included in two places, legal utilities and business agreements.
