Release by Creditor

To: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Being Released from Obligation (the
\"Releasee\")

Settlement Amount \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Amount of Payment to
Creditor (\"Settlement Amount\")

From: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\"Releasor\")

In consideration of the payment of the above Settlement Amount by
Releasee to Releasor and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, the Releasor hereby
agrees as follows:

1\. That the Settlement Amount represents payment in full satisfaction
of all indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Releasee to the
Releasor; and

2\. That the Releasor hereby releases and forever discharges the
Releasee and its, employees, officers, directors, successors and assigns
of and from all actions, causes of action, damages, claims and demands
whatsoever, which the Releasor had, now has or which the Releasor
hereafter can, shall or may have for any reason whatsoever, including
but not limited to all actions, causes of action, damages, claims and
demands arising out of any indebtedness, liabilities or obligations
owing by the Releasee to the Releasor.

3\. This Release shall inure to the benefit of the Releasee and its
employees, officers, directors, successors and assigns, and shall be
binding upon the Releasor and its heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:

Creditor, by Authorized Signer

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Witness

Release by Creditor

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about this document in
question and assist you in its preparation. This is the Agreement you
must receive, signed by the Creditor in question and witnessed thereto,
before tendering final payment to them. When requesting settlement,
include this form as a proactive step. Note that you do not need to sign
the Agreement nor should unless requested by them for you to make a
counter signature. Only sign this after they have done so or at the same
time of a meeting.

1.  Make multiple copies for the parties. Keep an original in your home
    safe (if you haven't gotten one yet, consider this another prompting
    to do so) and copies in your financial files.

2.  Use a copy of this agreement with future creditors to show that
    settlements can work and be implemented effectively. This puts them
    on notice as to your expertise and experience in the matter, as well
    as outlining an approach to resolution successfully accomplished in
    the past.

3\. Use this form when ever compromising a claim with a creditor. It
stands up well over time and prevents the possibility of any future
dispute, especially if the creditor is sold, merged, or otherwise
reorganized.
