Right of First Refusal

This Right of Firsts Refusal to Purchase Agreement ("Agreement") is**
**made on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, by and between
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name), Grantor of the Right
of First Refusal ("Owner") and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name),
Receiver of Right of First Refusal ("Grantee").

In consideration** **of the payment by the Grantee to the Owner of the
sum \$ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereby agree as follows:

1\. In the event that the Owner receives an offer (the \"Offer\") from
any person to relative to the goods or property subject to this
Agreement, described in Exhibit 1, (\"Offered Goods\"), which the Owner
is prepared to accept, then the Owner shall forthwith send to the
Grantee notice in writing of its desire or intention to sell the Offered
Goods accompanied by a copy of the Offer.

2\. Upon receipt of notice in accordance with paragraph 1, the Grantee
shall have only twenty (20) days from the date of receipt within which
to give the Owner notice (\"Intent to Buy\") that it desires and agrees
to so purchase the Offered Goods on the same terms and conditions as are
contained in the Offer, provided that:

\(a\) if the Grantee shall have given an Intent to Buy, the Grantee
shall purchase Offered Goods referred to in the Offer;

\(b\) if the Grantee shall not have given an Intent to Buy within the
time provided, then the Grantee shall be deemed for all purposes to have
refused to purchase the Offered Goods; and

\(c\) In the event that each Grantee elects not to purchase or is deemed
to have refused to purchase the Offered Goods, then the Owner may accept
the Offer and proceed to sell the Offered Goods, but only at the price
and on and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained in the
Offer provided that, if the transaction contemplated by the Offer is not
completed within a period of twenty (20) days after the expiration of
the last day upon which the Grantee has the right to give an Intent to
Buy, then the Owner shall not thereafter sell the Offered Goods unless
and until it again complies with the provisions of this Agreement.

3\. Any transaction between the Owner and the Grantee effected pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement shall be completed not later than
the twentieth (20th) day after which the Grantee has become obligated to
purchase the Offered Goods.

4\. The rights granted to the Grantee under this Agreement are personal
to the Grantee. Accordingly, the Grantee may not sell, assign or
otherwise transfer any of its rights under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the Owner, which consent may be unreasonably or
arbitrarily withheld.

7\. [Notices]{.underline}.

Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it,
shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate party by
personal delivery or a recognized over night delivery service such as
FedEx.

If to the Owner:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

If to the Grantee:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

8\. [No Waiver]{.underline}.

The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any
right provided in this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any
other right or remedy to which the party may be entitled.

9\. [Entirety of Agreement]{.underline}.

The terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire
agreement between the parties and supersede any communications or
previous agreements with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. There are no written or oral understandings directly or
indirectly related to this Agreement that are not set forth herein. No
change can be made to this Agreement other than in writing and signed by
both parties.

10\. [Governing Law]{.underline}.

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
the State of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and any dispute
under this Agreement must be brought in this venue and no other.

11\. [Headings in this Agreement]{.underline}

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, confirm no
rights or obligations in either party, and do not alter any terms of
this Agreement.

12\. [Severability]{.underline}.

If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement,
including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and
effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included.

In Witness whereof**, **the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

First Party Second Party

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date

Exhibit One: Goods or Property Subject to this Agreement

Right of First Refusal to Purchase

Review List

This review list is provided to inform you about the document in
question and assist you in its preparation. Having a first right of
refusal on property, business, or any other object is often of great
value to the holder. This Agreement can be appended to other agreements
or signed contemporaneously with them at the same closing.

1.  Be sure you have multiple copies, one for each signatory. Keep one
    in your active file, another in the file that relates to the
    subject, and another in the minute book.

2.  In negotiations, you should be able to exact a higher price for any
    transaction that involves a Right of First Refusal. While often it
    is desired defensively by the acquirer, it ties your hands and
    potentially can disrupt the sale of the goods or property in
    question. You should charge accordingly. And, if they don't want to
    pay, you should suggest, "Then that is what it is worth to you."
    This provides the justification for not giving it. Interestingly,
    people often haggle over items the most that they are willing to pay
    the least for (e.g., small items at an estate sale of their family
    in which they are heirs; if forced to give up money from their
    share, they often will not give up \$10; otherwise, they might
    forever about it. Keep this interesting human tendency in mind when
    negotiating this kind of clause---if they won't pay, don't give in
    on it. See more about this subject in our [Negotiations
    Handbook]{.underline} CD and videos.
